what's up everyone and welcome to the W
show we got a great show lined up for
you guys today AI powered race cars
turns out they kind of suck so far big
surprise also the supercomputer auction
has completed and spoiler no no I didn't
buy it and I will explain all of the
reasons why as much as I would have
loved to that didn't make any sense guys
it made absolutely no sense what else we
got today uh
uh really you had all this time I don't
know you had all this time while I made
an emergency bathroom break not going to
lie I uh definitely focus on talking the
chat instead and all of this
is H Google Play celebrates Sonic and
got every single fact about Sonic wrong
why you got to focus on the negative cuz
it's just funny why don't you go
something positive do we have anything
positive in the dock I mean Walmart is
collaborating with Roblox that's not
positive there's no way that's positive
uh shrimp Jesus
but all right the the the title for that
topic is meta says no more to spam
unless it's AI spam nice and then there
pictures of Jesus made out of shrimp are
fair enough
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by
vessie Squarespace and manscaped why
don't we jump right into our headline
topic which is of course the
supercomputer auction good Lord if I had
a dollar for every single person who
sent this bloody thing to me this week
you could I could have bought it the
Cheyenne supercomputer has sold app ly
for $
48,8 $
48,8 this is for sale by
yes.gov the US government at one point I
believe it was in the top oo I can't
remember exactly but it was in the I
think it was in like the top 20 or top
10 supercomputers in the world or
something like that it's about 7 years
old though now and if you guys read a
little bit more into the details about
it you'll probably figure out why in
spite of the fact that it was looking
like it might go for as little as about
$8,000 earlier in the week I had no
interest whatsoever in bidding on this
thing see I swear to if if it went at 8
Grand and you didn't buy it that would
have been a mistake that would have been
that would have been maybe a mistake
that would have definitely been a
mistake that would have been maybe a
mistake okay we need only go as far as
here here let's play a game G let's play
a game called how far into this page do
I need to read to know what a bad idea
it is to buy this thing Cheyenne
supercomputer looks good so far item
name can confirm it's good when these
things match that is the sale Lot number
I mean that looks like a pretty lucky
number to Cheyenne
Wyoming dude it's 28 racks 28 racks all
liquid cooling that's the E racks the
eells there are 14 units weighing
1,500 pounds each and I have to get this
stuff from but Wyoming up to our
warehouse where here let's keep reading
I will have to find a place to store yes
28 rack units containing a total of
145,000 CPU cores that draw and and this
is this is a direct quote this is a
direct quote here 1.7 million Watts
under
load sir are you
aware that with all of our buildings
combined we do not have enough power to
actually run this thing still could have
bought it okay if it was 8 Grand you
still should have bought it we could
have salvaged it but but there are more
issues hold on cuz we can keep reading
let's keep reading uh moving the system
necessitates the engagement of a
professional moving company in fact I
don't believe that the buyer is even
allowed on on the premises so that's
something wait yeah because it has to be
a profession it's a data SEC center it's
a highly secure area Okay so there's
that and then no no it gets even better
it gets even better aside from these
being outdated AF like we're talking
Haswell grade CPUs here with
ddr4 2400 this thing is flipping slow uh
it took a team of I believe it was a
little less than 20 dedicated engineers
to run maintenance on this thing and I'm
not saying you should have ran it and
they've been having issues with that
maintenance to the point where they're
saying hm it's kind of costing more to
run this thing than it's worth because
their liquid cooling has apparently been
leaking all over the place this this
thing is a cluster and it seemed
like there were some people out there
who were serious about buying a
supercomputer and like running it oh
yeah no and I'm I'm looking at this
thing going no
brother if you know anything about
operating a supercomputer you know that
nobody is buying this thing to run it
$480,000 is honestly a scrap price yeah
100% you are you are ripping cabling out
of it you are ripping CPUs and memory
modules that is going straight to eBay
you're not operating this thing because
anyone who has the kind of money money
to pay the
$60,000 a month that it is estimated
just to put electricity in this thing's
digital veins and find a place that you
can even get that electricity don't
forget the cooling if you have that kind
of money you can afford new hardware you
are not buying somebody's like ratted
out Civic of a
supercomputer and trying to lease out
space on it that's just not how this
works six years ago you made a video on
the SFU supercomputer I did and that got
2.5 million views and it was 6 years ago
okay 2.5 million views just just for
context ladies and gentlemen in the tech
vertical in the tech vertical is worth
about five grand so okay but you know
that's not how the math Works no the
math is the Math's a little more
favorable than that but if I spent more
than
probably 50 to 100 Grand on this thing I
am I better be profiting on the tear
down of it because otherwise I'm in I'm
underwater which gets under I agree at
that even if I make a number of videos
guys that's not one video yeah you've
got number of videos like three to five
videos I'm doing a series it's a it's a
pickup Vlog we're D we're driving to
Wyoming boys uh it's that Mr Beast intro
where the camera whips out and you've
got this huge semi behind you I'm in an
abandoned supercomputer meanwhile it's
like 6 minutes from the nearest Micro
Center
100% um but yeah the the other problem
is if you're parting it out you'd have
to part it out like in the States oh
yeah and you'd have to film all your
content in the states what I'm going to
like I'm going to import this mess you
got to be kidding me there's no way
there's no
way it was a fun thing to dream about
it's one of those things where it's like
oh man wouldn't it be cool to open a
gaming hotel or start a you know a a a
peripheral gaming peripheral business or
you know like oh I had a I had a cool
idea and a fever dream and I woke up in
the middle of the night and I went oh
wait a half a million dollars for what
is essentially a gigantic pile of leaky
e-w there's no way at that point no it
doesn't make it doesn't make any sense
but but you know what I definitely
I oh I didn't think of that what Travis
social in the float plane
chat you could write it off
I could free content I could I could
have written it off and gotten like five
videos I
could I have made a terrible mistake you
got to think harder
man um I I there's like almost no chance
but if the person who bought it reached
out would you like do any content on it
I mean yeah I'd be super down yeah yeah
of course all right people let's figure
out who the heck bought this
realistically it probably has some yeah
yeah there's there there's no this is
this is basically one of those like e
computer shop do whatever like eBay
stores and they're they're they're
ripping it apart there's there's no way
that anybody is actually going to try to
operate this thing it is woefully out
ofd they're high Ram units have 256 gigs
I mean there are gaming PCs out there
albeit not many but there are gaming PCs
out there that have 256 gigs of ram in
them these days like this is not this is
not aged well and especially it has not
aged well with the way that the
workloads for these supercomputers have
evolved in the last seven years there is
a reason this is being decommissioned
this thing is a CPU supercomputer which
ladies and gentlemen is not how they
build them right now it as far as I
could tell didn't really have any GPU
compute units in it um it's also not
designed with systems even that SFU
supercomputer that I checked out 6 years
ago had systems that had a terabyte or
two terabytes or something of memory in
them they were they were either four-way
or eight-way CPU systems so that they
could have these gigantic pools of
memory so that they could work on
extremely large data sets as far as I
can tell Cheyenne didn't have any such
nodes and didn't have any such
capabilities so as data sets have grown
and as the need for GPU compute um for
these for these supercomputing systems
has grown it has it has
become not just out of date in terms of
the the how long it's been since the
hardware was released but it has become
outdated in terms of the overall design
philosophy of the system in terms of the
architecture of the system it just
didn't make any sense but uh that could
be kind of a fun video it was a lot of
fun oh it apparently does have 184 gpus
shraff says 73 RTX 490s outperform this
machine it could be kind of a fun video
to like try to build like up a like we
we built the like Cheyenne supercomputer
that's actually that's a really good
idea and if I'd thought of it we
probably would have gotten started on
that this week I do wonder if we've
missed the moment a little bit at this
point like if we had thrown now the
auction's actually over yeah if we'
thrown together a cluster uh just of
like random random motherboards and just
loaded up as many gpus as we could have
and freaking like like ethernet cabled
them together and been like okay I
bought a supercomputer but it isn't what
you think isn't that one
uh that'd be prettyy funny but yeah it's
it probably missed the Merc a little bit
Yeah 100 1,680 pedop flops I mean yeah
what's a what's a what's a 7950 x uh
peda
flops oh my goodness what is my what is
my browser doing do I look old enough
that I need that um yeah it doesn't say
I guess that would be that would be
teraflops here let's try let's try Tera
flops I don't know I don't know how many
flops it has how many how many flops you
got boys turns out nobody cares about
the flops of CPUs anymore right well
whatever I'm over it okay why don't we
move on to our next topic what do you
want to talk about uh mostly mostly your
topics but sure let's see what let's do
the you have you have tarov update in
here what's up with that oh I was just
wondering what happened I I haven't been
paying attention to it what I realized
was that we talk about really bad news
in the community sometimes and we don't
really come back and revisit it the
following week to see if like maybe
something went better like back when we
were talking about the problems I was
having with my uh with my light switches
and and we we did ultimately do an
update were like oh yeah the company has
actually done the right thing and
released the firmware Jasco that's
that's who they are and I realized we we
don't always come back and say hey they
did a really positive thing and
everything's going good now which from
the look on your face I'm thinking
probably isn't what we're about to
discuss so what's battle State Games
been up to this week yeah no no need
this time uh they
they there's been multiple attempts at
addressing the issue um there there's a
bunch of things there's certain things
that we didn't get to address last time
like them editing their website did we
talk about that no so they they edited
their website to take certain wording
away from different versions that they
had had in the past which would have
made what they're currently doing like
not okay so what I would like to know is
are they aware of archive.org yeah like
apparently not because they do they know
that that exists that that's definitely
a thing that exists they were asked an
interview curious after they did it have
they heard of that they were asked an
interview after they did it if they had
done it and they said no so I actually
think maybe no wow they don't realize
that people can prove that they did it
which is uh that's pretty funny I mean
pretty great AR aren't they are are they
Russia
based oh it's one of those yeah
complicated the company is technically
incorporated as far as my understanding
goes in the UK right um but
you know what where Russ company it's a
Russian company okay okay well I mean In
fairness to them then in Russia you can
just disappear
things and they stay
disappeared uh yeah unfortunately it's
the interwebs um so that didn't work out
so great uh there's been multiple
updates and I don't know if all of them
are super findable anymore but
essentially we've progressively gotten
to where we are now um and where are we
now oh wait is this is this a new update
that I haven't even seen have they done
a complete 180 and agreed to give
everyone who bought the $150 Edition the
the $250 unheard Edition like like is
are they actually doing what they said
they would do in the first place so sort
of except is anyone in the meantime they
kind of made it worse oh brilliant so so
anyone who whistle whistle blw from
inside battle State Games got
disappeared like uh like as if they were
talking about airplanes or what I love
that you use the term whistleblow
because they added a weird new device
into the game um that they're calling
the Legacy device now remember this is
supposed to be a tarov legacy device
yeah I don't know why it's called that
but like it's a like it's an item an
in-game item like you carry it or it's a
gun or like what is it some form of
in-game they just say unique item with
call-in mechanics and I'll explain the
call-in mechanics in a second can I just
say for a moment that the moment Call of
Duty died for me was the second that you
could just order air strikes oh yeah and
take out your what was that Cod 4 or
Modern Warfare the original Modern
Warfare original Modern Warfare I I
played it for like two weeks and I was
like this ising stupid I'm sorry you
don't even have to point your gun at the
other guy yet I mean as Gamers as Gamers
we've reached the point where we even
like being slack on Old Warcraft m in
our desk like this moving the mouse to
click the head of the other guy is too
much work that's unheard Edition tarov
players all right fine okay so so so you
got this item okay so yeah before before
we get to that just in case people don't
know about tarov so much it's extremely
hardcore game uh it's supposed to have
you know a touch of realism it's still a
video game so it's supposed to be fun
but there's supposed to be a touch of
realism but like you you reload you
can't just like shoot two shoot two
rounds and then like throw in a new
magazine and like magically the the
rounds teleported from the new one to
the old one you like took out a magazine
that now has 28 rounds in it and you put
in one with 30 like you and that one
still has 28 in it like even if you have
loose rounds in your pockets like it's
yeah it's it's a it's a very very
hardcore game and if you die in that
game you lose nearly everything on you
there's a couple small slots that you
can retain um but almost everything that
was on you is is now permanently
gone except as we talked about last week
the UN Third Edition this new $250
Edition you can call in like teammate
reinforcements with one of their
abilities so like you can be in a raid
say say I was playing and then you
jumped in Discord I could be like oh hey
and then I could call you into the raid
that I'm currently playing sh up the
biggest problem with that shut up by an
enormous amount is that cheaters they'll
often sell their services because
there's been a decent amount of stuff
that's been put in place to stop so you
can have cheater Sherpas yeah so the
cheaters can clear the whole Lobby and
then you just go pick up the pieces and
you just
yeah and that's definitely how it's
going to be used that's and they'll sell
a lot of unheard additions to cheaters
that they'll then ban later and then
we'll buy more unheard editions that'll
totally happen because now there's a
commercial incentive to own unheard
Edition yeah cuz you can sell people
loot more easily and faster and kind of
on their demand and if they're looking
for a particular item that's really rare
you could have like a list of clients
that want different things go into raids
clear them check the loot and then call
in the people that need the particular
items like it's it's really bad and a
disgustingly terrible idea now that was
already we already knew about that that
was already a thing yeah now they're
like trying to say sorry so they're like
okay Edge of Darkness owner so this is
the the people that bought this really
expensive copy of the game $150 copy of
the game most people bought this because
it said you get all future DLC for free
yes so it was like I'm buying into this
game I have this is my like it's like
buying a Plex lifetime pass or like it's
more expensive than it like probably
should be but you get all the stuff
later sure but it's not priced
ridiculously compared to other lifetime
licenses for as a service products so I
can I can at least kind of see where
people are coming from with this one
yeah now they release this new version
you don't get everything so they're
frustrated so they said okay we're going
to give you know the co-op PVE mode to
of Darkness people that was a big issue
they're like we're going to do it in
waves whatever but it is coming to you
guys and a lot of the other things that
they announced for the unheard Edition
not everything but a lot of it they're
like okay we're going to give it to Edge
of Darkness people and then they have
this random line that says unique item
with colon mechanics Legacy device
ability to call in a friendly BTR once
called the item will go on cool down a
BTR is
um if you don't immediately know what
that is yeah I'm sorry I don't know what
a BTR is it's one of these are you
kidding
me so basically they're turning tarov
into
like like what I can't even I can't yeah
until like cod like how does that make
any sense you want to be imagine you're
in a fight with someone yeah and you're
like they have some pretty hard cover
you have some pretty hard cover but
you're you're trying to go at each other
and then you just hear this like Legacy
device pop off and you're like well I
guess a armored vehicle is going to come
and wipe me out in this game which and
like other people have pointed out not
only is this a ridiculously egregious
pay to win mechanic like obviously
because the lower more basic tiers of
the game don't get
this but it's also makes no sense for
the lore of the game at all yeah cuz
you're supposed to be like completely
cut off from command and all this other
kind of stuff and now you're calling in
like an armored vehicle and and for
whatever reason it gets loaded to like a
SpaceX rocket and arrives immediately
yeah I just the whole thing is like what
a clown show I don't know it's
it's it doesn't seem like it would have
been that hard to fix this but now
they've screwed up fixing it so many
times that now I think it's going to be
very difficult to try to fix this
there's also CU now they've promised
this stupid truck and so anyone they
promised it to now wants it because
let's face it pay to win pay to win game
mechanics work because
losers no offense losers buy them so
that they can not have to get good or
whatever and look like look look I'm not
the kind of person that's going to sit
and be all sweaty at a game and and be
like get good oh pay to win I if a game
is just really hard and the community is
like super to it and
intense I'm also not going to pay to be
competitive like Oh My Bullets do two
times as much damage or whatever like no
I understand that at some point I'm
going to kind of age out of being able
to play whatever the the hippest Esports
game is and I'm I'm just not going to be
competitive at it and no you don't have
to give me like a like a oh I heard you
spend eight hours out of your day
working instead of just playing video
games here how about we just take half
of what you made today so that you can
feel like a big shot against the kid
like what what even is this what Twisted
mindset is making people buy these
mechanics it's it's like it's it's it's
demented to me I mean the real solution
the proper solution is better
matchmaking obviously just have the
Casual dads off in their like crappy
server where they can just spray and
prey all over the place and then put all
the skilled players in the in the same
in the same Lobby like it's it's very
doable and some games do it very well
but I guess it's more work and it's less
lucrative and people will give you money
for these kinds of silly upgrades so I
guess that's why it keeps perpetuating
and again it comes back to what we said
last week guys don't give the money for
it like man grow a backbone good Lord
Gamers but but those people who buy into
those mechanics now that battle state
has promised it well they're backs to a
wall now their game is just ruined yeah
um Because unless they give it to
everyone then it's not fair and once
they do give it to everyone it's Modern
Warfare then the game's ridiculous yeah
yeah oh well well now now we need an
escalation point I paid $250 for my
addition to the game and now you gave
this stupid track to everybody well now
I need a satellite death laser because
otherwise how what's the point of me
paying
$250 did someone find it what now oh no
I think they yeah they rickrolled me oh
I got wrecked no
uh okay so there there's some interview
with him with Nikita the the like I
think he's the COO but he's the main
person that talks publicly um there's
some interview with him from a long time
ago I can't find it right now I swear
I'm not hallucinating this but um is
Luke in
AI this topic next he's talking about
how uh cheaters he had like
a a realization that cheaters are
actually a good thing for your game
because when your player base is like
stressed out and uncomfortable with the
cheater situation it increases what he
calls
donations and I'm like wow you know what
donations this kind of makes a lot of
sense what's a donation I think I think
that's when he used to make mobile games
so I think he was talking about like uh
pay to win mechanics they're going to
buy them more if there's cheaters in the
game oh my God I'm not 100% certain I'm
trying to find the interview but I I
can't find it right now I I know on the
subreddit before but I'm having a hard
time trying to find it that is that
actually hurts my brain you have
successfully hurt my brain this whole
it's Friday and you hurt my brain it's a
good time you can recover before the
week start why would you do that to me
what did I do to
you I hate that so much so so so hold on
hold on tin foil hat tin foil hat coming
on right now cheating exists in video
games to sell micro I so I I have to say
one I need to actually find this video
and two it's a translation from Russian
so the translation could be wrong right
so like I I don't know 100% oh did
people just find it I think they did am
I getting Rick Rolled again this is not
what I'm talking about not the text
interview okay it's a there's a video
anyways we don't have to try to hunt it
down but there's uh so there's there's
some very active communities forming
right now um this is cool though
actually I don't know how much we want
to go into it I don't know a lot okay
right I mean is there a downside I I'm
wondering if they can issue like
takedowns for it or anything even talk
it's not like these guys what what issue
takedown for the W show yeah if battle
State wants to take down the W show you
know what that's fine I'll go to I'll go
toot toe that I got no problem with that
all right what are they going to what
are they going to do what kind
of under what Authority would some
stupid Russian entity take down
our podcast like you got to be kidding
me in order for play yes this is the
interview okay okay okay we found it
hold on this
interview there we go so the post is in
order for players to donate you need to
keep them in a state of discomfort um
this is a very old you can see Moscow
2015 so 2015 is if I remember correctly
Technically when tarov started but this
is as they're so they're pivoting off of
like the mobile game they used to make
some game called contract Wars which is
either like a mobile game or a browser
game or something I don't remember what
and then they pivoted into a skap from
tarov and this is like as that pivot is
kind of happening um he talks about yeah
cheaters are always such a serious thing
yeah come on get to your
Revelation both ways okay I'll say it
good Lord for me it was honestly a
revelation how you perceive it is of
course your business if there are a lot
of
cheaters so what people just assume
cheaters make other players
uncomfortable so they true assume their
advantage is that they had the main rule
is to donate you need to keep the player
in a state of discomfort the main rule
is to
donate so like his his point is if your
players are uncomfortable they're going
to try to like get an edge pay to get
advantages to get an edge stuff like
that oh my
God not great again I don't know the
full context of that interview the
translation might be wrong there's a lot
of things that could be po potentially
wrong with that I wouldn't take that as
like a 100% thing be careful there yeah
yeah don't fall for misinformation so
when it full plane chat is saying the
translation is accurate but like we I
don't I I don't know we generally trust
float plane pretty good it's probably
float plane chats usually pretty
reliable I mean I wouldn't trust twitch
chat as far as I could throw them and
they're literally digital they have no
weight whatsoever I could throw them
very far far yeah I could throw them
very far that is unless we have to
account for wind resistance but I'm
going to assume this is a great 11
physics
so I don't have
to assume the cow is
spherical um but yeah rigid body
cow there are
multiplayer host it
yourself play with your friends things
happening very very actively right now
for tarov um I have seldom seen this
much dedication and action on a project
uh it's it's moving very very fast uh
there's some videos on YouTube of people
playing it I'll have no fur like Gamers
scorned truly and a bunch of extremely
hardcore Gamers scorned as well yeah um
because the the dedication to this is
mad I mean obviously if they're going to
sell $150 okay so the fact that the
community is so outraged and so
universally outraged over $150 version
of the game means that let's do the math
a significant number of them bought it
because if nobody bought it people have
been like yeah whatever that silly $150
version of the game that nobody bought
who cares but no this is a game that
people are invested in yeah and that's
dangerous and I don't even think
honestly for battle State I don't care
if if that Edge of Darkness Edition
thing was originally 250 bucks I bet you
like a ton of people yeah people would
have been upset but they would have
bought it I do think the truck would
have been a line yes I think the truck
still would have been a line the truck
is a big line the call in people to raid
thing is a big line that's ridiculous
and and then going back on your word is
a big line those those three things is
what has crushed this community but the
community defies the community is not
crushed the community made their own
tarov basically by having a bunch of
single so single player tarov spbt has
been a thing for a long time yeah um but
it was you know single single player
there's a bunch of mods for it though
that you can make the game so much
better than the multiplayer experience
but it was just a single player
experience now there's f a multiplayer
mod uh and I've seen some videos I have
genuinely not touched this but I've seen
some videos of people playing and it
looks smooth and there isn't a lot of
like you know uh desync between the
players it it it looks like at least as
good as live as far as I can tell
watching other people's gameplay of the
you know the synchronization of the two
players or multiple other players
playing in the game and then some of the
mods for single player tarov work with
the multiplayer mod so you can just make
your own tarov that's
better in all the ways except for there
isn't PVP but the active PVP in tarov is
so over riddled by cheaters that it's
like it's kind of a non-factor any you
just cut that cut that limb off you know
it's probably fine um so that's that's
that's pretty cool in other gaming news
we do have another actually very big
topic yeah I won bro versus bro okay we
can go there that's a big top we can I'm
down or we can talk about how Hell
divers now will not let you they're
getting review bomb now right yeah I
have not kept up with this at all other
than that chat will not stop talking
about hell divers not going to lie
that's the main reason why I know about
it when did this even happen it must
have happened like yeah all the articles
are from from today so this is like very
very new uh pirate software is
apparently popping off about it um yeah
not good from from my understanding it
has shown as a requirement on their
steam page the whole time that you need
a PSN but it wasn't enforced the whole
time oh so you so to play on PC you need
a Playstation network account
now I mean it wasn't required before
though I see so people have played this
whole time and and here's the spicy part
cuz that at first I was like that's
really annoying but I didn't fully fully
understand it and then pirate software's
tweet made me fully understand it uh
there are certain
countries so where where psn's just
straight up not available something like
that yeah yeah py software says for all
those here I'll go to my uh all of those
saying to just make a PSN account bro if
you've been playing hell divers 2 and do
not live in one of these listed
countries you cannot make a PSN account
choosing a country you do not live in is
a violation of Sony's TOs and could lead
to account termination then again like
what what is the drawback of that
account being terminated does it matter
well you can't play right but then
couldn't you just register on a
different PSN account you tied your
Steam
account o so you're effectively banned
from the game yeah that's bad yeah yeah
super bad so like there there's going to
be a bunch of people that this happens
to so this is is just objectively not a
good thing at that point cuz there's
people that were playing no problem just
fine probably loving the game cuz it's a
great game they roll a patch they roll a
patch and now they can't yeah and you
shouldn't just like suddenly require a
new account sign up once the game's been
out for like months well they didn't
suddenly require it they suddenly
enforcedly enforce it yeah yeah yeah
fair enough and it is up to you whether
to enforce your rules or not however
that's a pretty that's a pretty crappy
rule it seems
unnecessary given that obviously they
didn't have it before and it clearly
wasn't necessary yeah uh I mean this is
this obviously part of their agreement
with Sony I guess so that they can Farm
your data
um I believe it's a Sony published game
or something that's tough something I'm
not 100% I mean it does seem like like
an easy solution to this would be to oh
man what is the easy solution because
there's no way Sony's going to just like
suddenly allow you to register from a
different
country how on Earth say they going to
fix this I have no idea because there's
no way Sony's going to let them out of
that requirement I don't think they're
going to roll it back they obviously
would have known that this was going to
generate a bunch of backlash yeah maybe
they didn't maybe they underestimated
how angry Gamers can be I bet you
honestly even they didn't consider this
angle that pirate software pointed out
because the the initial one is kind of
annoying and I could understand honestly
some people boycotting it because like
oh you make me get this new account
thing how dare you I don't personally
care that much but the second you're
going to block out there's people that
will be like mad that you're doing a
giveaway because you have to have a
Twitter account and they're like well I
don't have one it's like bro Twitter's
free well I want them to have my
information bro make a proton mail
account who gives a just put in
some fake information but but it's like
it's on principle for these people right
so I could see someone just like on
principle refusing to create a Sony
account like I get it uh but
this is much worse this is much much
worse yeah the second the second it
comes down to our our our you know our
fellow democracy spreaders potentially
no longer being able to play the game
that's that's where a line has been
crossed for me apparently you have to
tie your phone number to Twitter now
good Lord what a crappy platform you can
probably put a fake one in um no cuz you
Pro they probably send you a text oh you
think so yeah
probably stupid I used to put the White
House for my address for like almost
everything nice just worked all the
time I almost always use 90210 as a zip
code whenever I register for anything
American there you go yeah exactly and
it's like you have to put in an address
and I'm like well I'm Canadian there's
no drop down for Canada it only allows
us well I guess I live at the White
House now there's there is probably junk
mail addressed to me that has shown up
to the White House I thought about that
not that long ago
who the is this Luc
lafier that would actually be kind of
hilarious prank signing the White House
up for like magazine subscriptions and
stuff I just thought you guys might want
this you know
right I don't know just I I'm I'm trying
to I'm just trying to imagine like what
would be some what would be some fun
subscriptions you know you you got to
know this happens so much that it's
probably like d apparently it goes to an
off-site facility for processing for
security reason that that makes a ton of
sense
yeah I um we were oh apparently I missed
lwig in the YouTube chat oh that's a
bummer oh wait no one cares lonus stop
something all right hey thanks lwig
thanks for showing up oh this must have
been because I was talking about bro
versus bro nice okay well should we just
do that now nice yeah yeah so that was
fun I went down to La for a number of
events um now that it's now that it's
over I don't have any sort of security
concerns about it so I I attended the
retirement party for Matt Pat Uh he is
is no longer working at game theorist
that doesn't mean he's no longer going
to work at all he seemed to be in very
good spirits um I don't know him
especially well or anything like that
but we've talked a couple of times
obviously have a ton of respect for his
work and he seems like one of those
people that you meet in person and
you're
like all right well you know don't take
this the wrong way but I think I had the
full experience of meeting you and
getting your deal from watching your
videos uh
and to be clear obviously you know is
who he is yeah he'll say things off
camera that he wouldn't say on camera
but if you watch Matt Pat's videos and
you're like wow he seems like a likable
dude then I think you'll meet him in
person and think wow he seems like a
likable dude uh very very genuine guy uh
he and Steph absolutely fantastic I've
done a ton for the platform I've done a
ton for the community um so I was very
honored to to be able to be down there
for that um and then since I was heading
down uh that was actually the thing that
um instigated my trip I was like holy
schnikes I've been supposed to do a bro
versus bro with lwig forever yeah he
came up here and did that collab with us
and I told him at the time I was like I
owe you one thank you very much that was
absolutely fantastic um Anytime by the
way and he's like by the way I'm in LA
and I was like good for you heck yeah
yeah yeah um heck yeah right so I'm okay
I'm coming down to La can we make this
work can we try and put these two things
together and then stars align and I
ended up doing one more thing while I
was down there so on the Tuesday I uh I
shot a video in collaboration with HP
Enterprise and kokia do you know about
this I know some amount about it on the
spaceborn to
computer oh so they rented and I kid you
not this is apparently don't quote me on
this because who knows sometimes people
just like they they talk it and like you
know they talk a big game but it's
actually whatever but apparently the set
that they rented was at least a piece of
the same one that they used on Big Bang
Theory when walowitz goes to the ISS so
I'm in this like ISS looking set and
then they have a couple of the actual
machines that were just sent up to the
ISS and I think it was uh February of
this year and we talk about all the
things about them that are custom for
space all the things about them that are
not space hardened in any way whatsoever
some of the experiments that they've
done over the years some of the benefits
of having this processing on board on
the International Space Station versus
having the processing done I mean yeah I
guess they can have a CL they can have
cloud computing from up there they just
beam it down instead of up
right versus reverse cloud computing
versus having processing done in the
cloud um so that's going to be a super
cool video so we shot that on the
Tuesday and then I I came back up
Tuesday night but the highlight of the
trip the absolute highlight of the trip
for me was uh participating in bro
versus bro what's really funny about
this is I don't just one before you get
into the Bro versus bro I was going to
show you but there's there's not really
much there but the reason why I knew
that that happened was because my my
friend person from NASA oh yeah got me
to go down there and then now I just
like play games with them for fun he
sent me a message and was like uh how'
you guys do this it was a screenshot out
of the like ask yard he was like what
okay I was like hold on what is this
we're not going to spoil what we beamed
to the ISS okay okay okay but we did we
did get we we we got we got certain
access and we definitely beamed a
message to the International Space
Station also they're still interested in
potentially doing a video on Mission
Control Center design and stuff like
that I think it would be really good but
um so anyway what's really funny about
bro versus bro with lwig was that having
I don't watch a lot of YouTube and I've
been I've been very open with this about
this in the past I'm not I'm not trying
to be like an or anything like
that not know what it was it's just the
truth well don't you remember on W show
when I essentially pitched a gaming
challenge with him after he said I will
beat Linus at literally any game and I
pitched a gaming challenge that was
essentially bro versus bro yeah I think
I remember that yeah I had no idea at
the time I wasn't doing a bit I know I
believe you cuz I know you don't watch
YouTube you just read just read the
comments exactly so so bro versus bro is
his format where each of the two
competitors brings some Advantage games
into the game pool and then there are
also some neutral games in the game pool
so the neutral games are Battleship
Tetris um for for this one anyway uh
pong and rock paper scissors and then we
each brought our own Advantage games he
brought buo Kart
um oh shoot what were his other
Advantage games I remember that one well
because geog guesser one of his geog
guesser was one of them yep and then he
also brought uh Tekken Tekken 8 oh okay
I didn't see that and then my advantage
games were um TowerFall okay beat saber
and drunken fight simulator which if you
remember you didn't pick Halo if you
remember is a game that you and I played
yeah I remember one time four years ago
why would you pick that when we had a
gaming night where we decided we were
going to play something fresh this was
very fun actually and we sorted the
entire steam store by Price low to high
and just started buying the cheapest
games Barrow yeah Barrow Barrow 2020
let's go sick drunken fight we played
some uh some disc Jam that was actually
pretty fun legitimately fun before the
servers got shut down don't buy it now
waste of money now the servers if you
want a fun game to buy now that is is
kind of in this realm of like silly
entertaining games tape to tape yeah
we're having a blast genuinely actually
very fun um and like pretty well made so
check it out um so so anyway I so I
brought drunken fight simulator to the
to the fight beautiful um so so that's
our pool of 10 games and the the way the
format works is you kick off with a rock
paper scissors which he didn't show
which is a shame actually because it was
part of the the reason why I led the way
that I did in the rock paper scissors
rock paper scissors in the rock paper
scissors that we that ended up deciding
it uh was because I figured he wouldn't
expect me to do the same thing again but
he was actually playing a completely
different mind game with me now I have
to admit something lwig if you're
watching this
um one of the best Gamers I know even if
she's not too good with a controller or
a keyboard and mouse and she hasn't
played a lot of video games is my wife
and one of the things that she does is
she will be constantly even when she is
very clearly in a dominant position on
the board constantly talking about how
she doesn't really know what she's doing
and she's just kind of doing stuff have
you ever played a strategy game with
that
woman I don't think so I vowed 15 years
ago at some point during a family game
night that I would never play Risk with
her again never because because she has
like you know me I'm I'm pretty intense
yeah and I I'll be like I'll be like I
have to warn people before we play video
games with you yeah I'll like start I'll
I'll start to call shots on the board
I'll be like okay so everyone can see
right now that player a is is in a
position where look I can't do anything
to about any of this because I'm stuck
in bloody South America where you people
exiled me but they are about to take
over Asia and their borders are
completely for ready to be fortified and
if you or you don't do anything this
game is over like like I'm I'm very like
that inciting uh inciting action from
others well no I'm not because nobody
likes that guy oh so so Ivonne will be
just like so apologize when she attacks
people and stuff so she'll be the nice
person GOA that doesn't say
yeah sorry I'm not really I'm not really
sure how to play I don't really know
what I'm doing sorry I took all over all
your places so I have to admit lwig
during the rock paper scissors match
oh I was I was taking a page out of my
wife's book a little bit got it like I
and to be clear to be clear so you had
you had a strategy what I said what I
said was true I don't know rock paper
scissors meta like I don't I don't know
I was looking it up I was looking it up
later and apparently statistics Bally
scissors is the least common throw for
example uh men have a tendency to throw
rock first and there's like of course we
do man there's there's all these like
mind games and stuff so when he's when
he's telling me things like you sick
who froze that there like I
legitimately didn't I didn't know why
that was a weird thing to do or whatever
but what I was definitely trying to do
was I a bit of a rockower myself was was
trying to get in his head yeah is I was
I was I wasn't trying to figure out what
he would
do that was how I lost the first two you
trying to figure out what he thought you
would do yes yeah yeah yeah that's what
I was trying to figure out what does he
think cuz cuz I I don't I've I've only
hung out with him a couple times now and
both times professionally like we don't
know each other super well or anything
so his entire experience with me is both
relatively recent and relatively short
so all I had to do was think about
absolutely everything he knows about me
and try and figure out what he thought I
would do and then try and get one ahead
of
it and so ultimate ultimately you know
spoiler alert but it's definitely still
worth watching um yeah man I don't know
how you were confident he messages me
right after and he's like never lost
hope never lost hope how could you not
have lost hope when we were 44 in our
final game and then rock paper scissors
was best of five I was down two nothing
how could you possibly not have lost
rock paper scissors is like that rock
paper scissors is a super swingy
game yeah I guess cuz people will like
if if you like fall on your back foot in
rocket paper scissors you'll just like
chain bad ideas but that didn't even
happen I counted it took us I think it
was either 12 or
13 to have five winners yeah that I
don't know if that is normal but it
doesn't it didn't feel normal I think
it's pretty normal it felt kind of
there's a huge amount of rock paper
scissors games that I've been involved
in I'm making this sound like I do this
often which is not true just to be clear
but like you people will throw the same
thing all the time super common okay all
right yeah and and and that's the other
thing that I said that was true by the
way lwig I actually don't I don't really
play which he's not going to be happier
hearing me say right now cuz he got like
he he he seemed he seemed a little upset
about me beating him at things and being
like I don't play this you don't play
that many games yeah I mean it is true
when I you used to play a lot when I was
going through trying to find my
advantage games though man why didn't
you pick Halo why didn't you pick uh
Supreme Commander I okay okay okay well
there were a couple factors remember I'm
an Entertainer yeah I'm not going to
pick Supreme Commander SubCom would not
have been fun yeah that's not that's not
engaging for the audience just like
watching someone not know how to play an
RTS and like most complicated RTS yeah
it's it's not it's up there
it's I wouldn't say it's the most
complicated necessarily but it's
definitely kind of Arcane like the way
that it works is fundamentally different
from the normal way that an RTS Works
where you mine materials and then you
use them to make something in Supreme
Commander you have a continuous economy
of income and uh and use and you have to
balance them yeah so it's just it's a
little it's weird different to wrap your
brain around um so that would not have
been entertaining at all he would have
had had like two things and I would have
stormed in with an army and just blown
blown it all up um as for why you tried
to push for Content a little bit as for
why not Halo they had only one computer
there we weren't in their main Studio we
were cuz I was realistically I think
what he really wanted was to have me
down there for the yard their podcast
and then well I mean what we're going to
like go do that in that studio and then
go do rock like bro versus bro in a
different Studio like it doesn't make
sense right so we we kind of had to
throw together what we had
with what we had so if you watch the
archive of the live which I think is
unlisted now I don't know if he links it
anywhere but if it's like much longer
and has a lot of technical difficulties
and stuff like that it's funny the
number of comments that I see like
what's with all the technical
difficulties lest even technical like
like people like actually mad about I'm
like I'm a guest what I'm going to like
I'm going to diagnose their capture card
no I'm going to sit and patiently
interact with chat and come on you guys
what do you think this is there's also
like do you go into someone's house for
dinner and like start cooking the meal
for them like I don't care if you're a
chef that's rude like what's your
problem jeez it's also I mean we have
technical difficulties all the time yeah
exactly stuff can happen like if you've
ever done anything in your life you know
that things don't necessarily always
work the way they're supposed to it's
like man that some A+ backseat driving
right there
um how do you miss
abbotford you know what's funny is I
even okay you know those doors that all
the new houses have been installing with
like the Windows like this down the I
saw one and I was like I have no idea
how common they are for all I know
they're super trendy just in general
more broadly but I saw it and I was like
man that looks exactly like those doors
that like my neighbor just installed in
every new Housing Development locally
has I wanted so badly so this is
geoguesser Canada he challenged me to
geoguesser Canada I was on my home turf
which is you know I if you're pushing
for Content which I think you you both
do which is good that's one way to take
an advantaged game for him and make it
more interesting I've never played
geoguesser yeah I've literally never
played geoguesser but as someone who has
not a lot but a buddy of mine and I will
will play every once in a while hi Bobby
um but a buddy and I will play and
Canada actually very rarely comes up so
even if he plays a lot he probably
doesn't see a ton of Canada so it's like
yeah this is cool mix anyway uh a
location came up that was probably about
30 to 50 mil from home for me like it
was embarrassing that I that I guessed
across the entire fing country and it
cost me the game and and almost cost me
the whole challenge because if I'd won
that game it would have been over I
wouldn't have had to go to being down to
nothing in a best of five rock paper
scissors like it how close that was to
losing me the game with was terrible so
basically what was going on in my head
this was the very first round of
geoguesser I've never played before I
didn't really understand how quickly you
should be moving around and stuff I saw
that I hadn't really watched him play
yeah you want to zoom yeah and so I was
just there I was I was like oh can you
know can I see anything that's a hint no
all the license plates are kind of
blurred I guess I won't be able to rely
on that
and um and it felt so close to home that
I second guessed myself I went there's
no way they got to be more common than
that there's no way the first one is
just going to be in my
backyard I don't know some suburb in
Ontario and I ended up being off by like
2,000 miles because Canada is enormous
or or what whatever it is my big crutch
for geoguesser is
domains domains because it's it's
usually worldwide and I find that the
really big countries like the US and
Canada really actually don't come up
that much it's often Europe EUR various
European little European countries so
even if you're off you're going to be
clish but if you see uh a store banner
and the store Banner has their website
on itnl it's like oh yeah then that's a
pretty easy one cool so I'll just like
Zoom around try to find something that
would have a a website on it and then'
be like all right cool I know where that
is and I figured some of that stuff out
later like how like using signs and
stuff but I didn't I didn't figure it
out early on it just it wasn't a game
I'd played before it was brutal too
because the end score if I remember
correctly was actually very close
between you like really close 100 points
and he 25,000 where like almost
immediately on his screen there was a
sign that just said uh what was it of
yeah the name of a university or
something yeah and then one or two more
clicks later and it was two major
highways Crossing each other was his
last one and it was like oh I guess I
can find exactly this spot and just get
like maximum yeah so when I saw that
happening I was like oh I guess he lost
cuz I thought you had it up till then
cuz without basically a perfect guess
yeah I know you were going to win
anyways yeah yeah man how I mean
realistically he had his he had his own
Bamboozled moments um I still burst out
laughing every time I watch his breakout
gameplay I didn't see the whole thing
you didn't see breakout no I saw part
that's the one thing that we're going to
watch together on the
I saw I saw you playing I saw you
talking about the laggy input and then I
saw them try to show like it's not laggy
and I'm watching just being like what do
you mean I can I can see it's laggy
through the power of the internets but
um I didn't get to watch the rest of it
I was like busy doing stuff and I was
just trying to tune in when I could yeah
yeah that's fine the this is man this is
absolutely wild though okay so here uh
I'm I'm bringing it up on the on the
stream version hey Dan am I going to
have audio here
uh yes you are not playing anything now
I sure am not uh am I now yes all right
here let's go so lineus laptop here we
go make sure that you guys can hear it
too okay so he's just he's playing
around with it a little bit to kind of
get a feel for the leg Yeah Yeah Yeah
that's smart I think it's this one he's
got control he's got oh he keeps
like dot he's he's got control oh is the
audio really bad only for us most likely
only for us oh okay cool one yeah I mean
oh God okay I hope pressure but it
should be why is it so bad for us sounds
like sample rate mismatch okay oh my God
what no no he got it he he got it he got
it I hate when it's like flat okay so
don't don't worry about it so we get
five balls we were going to play Pong
but we couldn't find a pong that would
accelerate the ball in between shots we
couldn't find a web pong that would work
properly that's weird cuz that's just
how pong Works isn't it it gets faster
as you play see through the camera it
means it's that much okay the audio
doesn't really matter that much doesn't
really matter that but a lot of you were
able to you should just I'm just going
to turn the audio off forget it so
basically
whoa what was that he's cruising
along and then just gets absolutely
completely just
Bamboozled so he's got to get 102 points
to beat me oh that was close and he's
used up three balls now
what is is the orange and the red just
like that no they they speed it up but I
don't think they're supposed to actually
change the angle the angle yeah but the
but the higher bricks are worth way more
points so the lower ones are worth one
each and then I think it goes up to
three and then like five or seven or
something but it just
like it just tosses it on a weird look
at your face you love this I couldn't I
couldn't believe it I couldn't believe
it I felt
I mean I like winning obviously but I
felt terrible for the guy because that
was ridiculous ridiculous and with how
leggy the controls were you can't be
reacting to like catch
it yeah especially the first one would
just it looked completely broken I just
I don't know yeah oh yeah no it was
ridiculous that's that's unfortunate
when you when you don't like prep the
games ahead of time well honestly we had
the same issue in drunken fight
simulator like it didn't I I swear to
you the controls are worse than they
were when we
played markedly worse very noticeably
worse like we could barely we could
barely Orient our guys to face the same
way and the animations weren't even
smooth
like like sometimes you could get them
to turn a little bit I think I think it
worked better the time that we played
and obviously game hasn't been patched I
mean that's probably why yeah come on
right so it barely worked at all
um epic yeah yeah it was it was a lot of
fun though he was an absolutely great
host what I said about him on the yard I
I stand by 100% I think that he is an S
tier host I think he's a a born
Entertainer and you could basically drop
him into pretty much anything and he
would manag to to to find the
entertainment find the humor um and it
just it doesn't surprise me what a
success the guy's been even if you know
like I said I don't I don't watch a ton
of content um and honestly the rest of
the the rest of the team was great I was
razing them a little bit on the podcast
I don't know if you've watched it you
you listen to the yard right it's up now
uh not or you used to anyway yeah uh I
will probably listen to it at some point
I my thing with the yard is I I had this
great appreciation for the yard because
um I I gained a ton of weight over covid
and the the best and safest thing for me
to do for a while was just go walk so I
would walk for like hour and a half to
two hours every day right just to get
tons of steps in so I would listen to
Just the yard constantly because it was
really entertaining and it would make me
I would want to listen to it so I would
want to go outside and walk cuz I
wouldn't let myself listen to it without
walking having been on it I still don't
understand what it is
about what is the podcast about is it
just white guys talk about things
podcast cuz yeah all right yeah yeah
fair enough I guess it's about white
women and
dogs all right just just that's that's
the topic that's what it's about sure
yeah cuz they like there wasn't it
didn't seem like I don't think there's
like a said like this is this is like a
tech news show but what do we talk about
half the time what's the point of this
show I don't know yeah exactly what's
the point of who knows I don't know it's
called the yard it's like some dude
sitting in chairs in a
yard called them out hard on their like
tier like little bro controller uh setup
for their guests oh is it that they all
had like really nice that's another
thing I don't watch it cuz I would just
listen to it I was walking they have
really nice mic arms so they can like
shift in their chair yeah and like have
their mic like right next to their mouth
and stuff and I'm just mine's just on
like a light stand so I had to like sit
up like I had a broomstick up my butt
the whole
time and to be clear it was it was fine
they were all very courteous guests I
gave I gave the rest of the guys a bit
of a of a like I razed them a little bit
I was like I don't even know who you
guys are um but they were absolutely
fantastic and I I was mostly just
leaning into it later just to just to
Ras them because it's not like they
didn't take their opport with me
so I'm sure yeah we didn't even make it
through bro versus bro without him
bringing up the the hard R incident oh
really yeah I didn't realize that I
suspected they would have on the yard
out of all the meme faces and like
everything that's gone on here in the 11
years that I've been doing this at lonus
Media Group really the hard r one is the
one that has made its way into the
general Consciousness I think more than
anything else and for those of you who
aren't familiar um on an episode of The
W show some time ago I don't even
remember but I I I alluded to having
used what I thought that meant I thought
it meant I thought it meant the the
mental disability slur and I was talking
about how it was culturally acceptable
to use it in the early 2000s like in
high school and I referred to it as the
hard R thinking that that's what that
meant but I found out that means a very
different word in fact doesn't begin
with R yeah but there why would why
would it be why what how does the word
hard hard make any sense with the
previous one well I don't know well
because it's it's a hard word I don't
know I don't know I they're talking
about how you pronounce the r at the end
of the word I understand now thank you
very much Professor Linguistics you the
worst part about this for me is people
just constantly bring it up around
me I'm like I don't want talk about this
like what do you mean like I I'll have
I'll I'll have never met this person
before don't know that they know me or
anything and they'll just walk and be
like hard are I'm like why I don't want
anyone around me to hear that you're
saying this to me like I don't like if
we're in private conversation maybe but
people are just walking up to me and
saying hard R in public and I'm like
what I don't what do
you so you've yeah you've cursed me if
that if that makes you feel any better
that's pretty funny yeah I thought you
might like that yeah I mean I mean how
many things in your life are cursed
because of me probably a lot that can't
be the worst one yeah I don't know oh
man yeah that's great um I I had the
pleasure of I had the pleasure of
bringing up the Ice Climbers video that
you L me to YouTube video of all yeah so
poor lwig um got to realize that the
only video I'd ever watched of him was
actually slime's video which I
realize as I'm sitting there on their
podcast oh man I I found them through uh
slime wire as well slime's Channel I
didn't I didn't actually cuz I don't
watch streams at all ever I had no idea
how profitable podcasting was I think
they make more on the yard than we do on
any individual property including wo
like they like they have 40,000
subscribers to just the weekly podast I
mean why do we do w for fre wait what's
the point of the subscribers do they get
it early or something or like they get a
decent amount of extra content oh do
they okay kind the yard's patreon is
actually like pretty good yeah maybe we
should learn some things I'm going your
laptop I mean I've brought them up a few
times oh get out of here no one will
respond to that if you email it um I
don't know if it's going to show here
but yeah see premium
episodes I don't know I don't know like
do they do a thing at the end of the
show or something it didn't seem like it
not with me anyway it seemed like
everything we shot was the the thing
that was uploaded so yeah so they have
premium episodes they have this yeah
Aiden's
advice um I don't know they've got other
stuff so there's a bunch of a bunch of
extra content I think there's a pretty
big lean on extra content got it and
then there's you know Discord access the
normal stuff postcards I don't know
what's up with that first look at all
merch and discounts that's cool yeah so
their merch sells out crazy fast as far
as I can tell like they they had a like
a coffee book or something yeah coffee
book like coffee table book or whatever
they're called um and apparently it's
sold out in like 5 minutes and they have
to do a second printing now or something
like that that's wild oh they have a
cool tier at the end there that I'm not
going to say lonus figures out something
he does for four plus hours a week can
make money okay I know it can make money
it's just it's just that it could make
more the point the point is just that I
I had I had no idea how how invested
people um get in like podcasts like I
just yeah I I don't know I don't know I
don't I don't consume them this this is
one of those things that I don't consume
so but they're selling an actual just
lawn chair yeah it's it's pretty comfy I
sat on it during bro versus bro it's a
rocking lawn chair that's funny would
why not right I don't know we made a
screwdriver who knows yeah exactly here
here's what I was talking about it's
it's a little blurred cuz I'm not
subscribed to their patreon but you see
the chair there but it's a lawn chair
yeah they kill it they
42582 members that's that's some monster
member count
yeah heck yeah no kidding it definitely
made me feel like we need a set upgrade
we are probably we are probably we
probably have the
highest um sort of General reach and
influence to set construction quality
ratio on the
internet at this point like the W show
is lowkey a gigantic podcast like we
have anywhere from 600 to
700,000 weekly viewers of the video
thing I don't even know how many people
watch it or listen to it on podcast
platforms but lwig pointed out to me
that thousands of people apparently
watch on Twitter which I had I didn't
even know we just like turn it on I
think never looked at once I have no I
have never once looked at how many
people are watching we our streaming
setup we can just like add streaming
destinations no problem yeah so so we
should just stream everywhere every once
in a while we're just like oh there's
another one we didn't think of we're on
Tik Tok now yeah do you know about that
we're on Tik Tok right now yeah Tik Tok
holy fuing there are 11,000 people
apparently watching on Twitch sup
dudes what are you even doing with your
life why are you watching live why are
you watching a 4our video on
Twitter yes you're being called out get
attacked why would you watch this show
go outside nerds no it's some grass it's
fine to watch the show the internet just
what are you doing watching it on
Twitter
apparently our chat is verified only can
we un that it because that's cringe
that'll probably get so oh sure oh deal
with that dude I'm not no no I'm not I'm
not you're right you're right I'm just
saying I'm not going to even be
unmoderated I'm not even I don't even
free
form this is the very last time that I
am ever going to look at it so it
doesn't matter that's probably true how
long have we even been streaming on
there I don't know few few weeks now
months something like that I
no one I mean are these just all Bots
anyway like look don't look at the
comments buddy here is like didn't even
know this was a thing so pretty active
chat is that the only verified user I
don't know cuz it's verified only chat
and that's the only comment I don't know
if you can check the kind of sick I
think I like that that's good we should
keep it that way sup
Mario all right well there you go
there's two of them now things are Tak
off yeah that's probably we got to get
out of here we got to not encourage this
that's the end of the attention for the
CH
yeah that is hilarious I wonder what
lwig thinks about us being openly
hostile against most of our viewership
of the wed show no no we are not openly
hostile to most of the viewership we are
openly hostile toward most of the
viewing
platforms we are openly hostile to
Twitch Twitter Facebook actually
Facebook we more just ambivalent about
we got 18 on Facebook why exactly we
love you guys that's those are our real
viewers in the words in the words of
Nita from Battle State G those are the
True Believers Luke's mom is legit way
too tech savvy to be watching on
Facebook yeah yeah she has a float plane
account exactly got him
um yeah and I don't know I don't think
we're openly hostile to Tik Tok how many
people are watching on Tik Tok well you
didn't even know they existed we got 238
241 yeah see okay that kind of makes
sense who would be watching this on Tik
Tok like that yeah that yeah I mean our
we had like 10 oh so we doubled is what
you're trying to say 200 is
more oh so we 20x
yeah don't I think part of the problem
is there's like there is a when there is
a account on Tik Tok called The W show
but our actual account is called thew
doow seriously yeah so I wasn't even on
the right page this shows you what I
know about Tik Tok like we don't stream
W show on the Linus Tech tips Tik Tok I
I know why maybe that I'm sure someone
there's some reason for that I'm sure
hey look at that but here's the like
yeah that's the real wait it's not
vertical is it I don't know oh no these
are no oh this hilarious these are Clips
okay so the W show is live okay okay so
Dan what's our what's our Spotify
numbers I hope they're good because like
I lowkey legitimately thought that the
the W show is like kind of a big podcast
and if I find out now that it's actually
a really small podcast then my people
get very small well I mean we're we're
fourth in the US for Tech like news that
seems kind of uh looks like 500 even on
the podium then 500,000 listeners in the
last month oh that seems like a fair bit
I don't know is that I have no idea no
context for super related like they're
like uh cryptocurrency trading podcast
stuff like it's anything that could fall
under Tech okay so what what are the
what are the ones ahead of us Dan again
uh there's a cyber security one a
cryptocurrency one and the Wall Street
Journal how do we find Wall Street
Journal uh it comes to my email oh uh do
you have a way of screen sharing or just
forward it to one of these accounts I
will try and find it that might take too
long so apparently there's a theory on
why the W show is so big okay and it's
because people fall asleep and then when
they wake up they're watching the WAN
show they were talking about this on the
waveform podcast a week or two ago wow
they're like yeah how often is it how
often is it that you go to sleep and
when you wake up you're listening to
lonus and Luke talk about tech on the L
show and they were like very often which
I think is pretty funny who's sleeping
for like 3 hours FL plane chat is like
no this is 100% a thing this happens to
be sleeping for fix your sleep no no no
no no no they're not sleeping for 3
hours they go to sleep listening to
something and then it autoplays all
night and they wake up in the middle of
a 6-hour w show ends up landing on
exactly got it well okay then everyone
else just needs to figure out their game
figure out the market man we cornered
our Niche it's sleeping people
okay you can find your own and the show
is so long so we can have every single
keyword in the video description and in
the timestamps yeah
yeah right you just got to figure it out
we that's fantastic fantastic uh okay so
Dan uh do do you do you have the list no
I'm looking for it currently okay fine
you can just you can just or like can
you just is this something you can just
search for like the oh I might be able
to find it hold on try different Spotify
works oh we're not on Spotify we're
using a new thing called megaphone by
Spotify on what yeah megaphone what why
do you why do why do you need megaphones
ah chartable so uh megaphone allows us
to simultaneously post it everywhere and
also manage all of the podcast
simultaneously previously we would have
to do is go to each
individual um oh no I don't want to sign
up I want to log in uh we'd have to go
to each individual platform and then
post it there right because we've got
Tech linked and game linked as a as a
podcast now chable doesn't even show us
in the top oh it's United States of
America okay I'm looking at our
statistics if do you make money on like
a Spotify podcast uh yes we we make
money do we really yes so one of the
reasons I moved us over to megaphone was
part of their um audience uh Spotify
Audience Network which allows us to I'm
so sorry uh do targeted advertising um
we can also insert advertisements as
necessary and it's all sort of automated
interesting people know that they don't
have to listen to those ads and they can
just like watch on YouTube where we
don't insert ads in the L show right
yeah or say you have something like
Spotify Premium I don't believe the ads
are served oh got it okay well that's uh
that's that's neat I guess should we
jump into a topic oh no we're supposed
to explain merch messages hey oh yeah
that's right so while I was down there
for lwig stream someone uh sent him a
super chat for
$500 which I thought was pretty wild and
uh and even he seemed like kind of taken
aback by it he was like yeah I have kind
of a policy anything above a $100 I
don't give any kind of different
reaction to because you want to
encourage like degenerate Behavior yeah
you don't want to encourage people to
just be giving way too much money to
people that you know OB because like
some of those people maybe that is
totally fine for them but you're also
they're some people are a little silly
with their money sometimes and they'll
see something like that happen and do it
when that's the last $100 they have left
yeah which they really shouldn't do and
I would never encourage someone to do
and like maybe if it's the oil princes
or whatever like who cares yeah sure why
not and then I think he said something
along the lines of like anything above
$500 he like doesn't acknowledge or
something like that like I I can't
remember exactly how he explained like
his his sort of person person approach
to it um based our approach is I'll take
your $500 in fact I'll take a I'll take
$5,000,000 in exchange $500,000 I will
send you some fine merchandise from LTT
store.com we really do have an extremely
broad range of products these days we've
got everything from your from hats to uh
oh man we oh we've got some really cool
new stuff this week we've got hats we've
got tools we've got cable organizers man
this product is like my favorite thing
ever look at this GIF man you just put
that put that little magnet on there
it's a gif Luke get over it put that
little GIF on there reviews solid
absolutely love it uh to remove the
triangle piece oh okay product is great
oh shipping took long oh that's too bad
well everyone says the product is great
and I guess we need to get our shipping
sorted out but hey that's our
transparency for you so you can check
out reviews we've got a lot of great
products we've got some really cool
stuff this week have you seen this yet
Luke uh well I'm wearing one of them oh
that is hilarious Luke is wearing a dead
pixel it's the dead pixel collection
folks and we've got so much cool stuff
want to be the Vana today uh sure we've
got a dead pixel monitor enamel pin it's
on there it's on there it is a little
hard to see can that's the point can we
get it the point there's a dead pixel
I got it we've got a dead pixel sticker
sheet so you could put a dead pixel on
your house you could put a dead pixel on
the bumper each one of these stickers is
a pixel yep you could put a dead pixel
on the bumper of your car you could put
a dead pixel on your water bottle you
could put it anywhere you
want we've got the dead pixel desk pad
can we take this out uh nope not
necessary I think people understand the
point it's a black mouse pad there's a
white dead pixel on it somewhere I'm
told they're all different as
well that is so cool that is really cool
wait is that true of all of them that
maybe that's only the shirts I don't
know don't don't quote me on that cuz
I'm pretty sure the enamel pin is always
in the same place so I don't know the
dead pixels on it somewhere maybe
they're the same maybe some of them are
different it's all it's all part of the
fun considering the enamel pin it's like
it's not part of the paint it's actually
part of the like metal I think it's
molded yeah uh anyway this I believe was
a Sarah
brainstorm a while back and I was
basically like not only do we need to do
this we need to do so much more of this
um so it's man yeah we we we ended up
with an entire collection so you guys
can check it out by clicking it there uh
sticker sheet did I miss anything no but
you can get a bundle oh that's cool okay
so you can get some bundle savings
$59.99 for the entire dead pixel
collection and this is the same quality
desk pad that you guys have come to know
and love from us don't take my word for
it take the word of all of the people
who have bought our desk pads over the
years uh the one that has sold the most
is of course the Northern Lights design
and this is a festar product quite
literally a five-star product with
thousands of reviews we've sold tens and
tens of thousands of these so it's a
really great great quality pad the only
problem with it is that hey if there's a
dead pixel I'm afraid we will not be
accepting a return on this desk
pad if it has more than five dead pixels
in a cluster
then I would accept I would accept a
return for that seems fair yeah that
seems fair there you go there's your uh
there's your there's your dead pixel
right there Doo and full PL chat said so
last week was a setup right you are yeah
very clever of us anyway the point is I
think we've uh so yeah if you want to
send a merch message all you got to do
is head to LTT store.com add something
to your cart and when you're in the cart
you'll get a little popup when we're
live to send a merch message it'll go to
producer Dan hey producer Dan will reply
to you uh curate it for me and Luke to
respond to or just pop it up at the
bottom or even forward it to someone
else internally who can get back to you
with the answer that you
need yeah I have one more update on the
store if you guys are looking for an
excuse to send a merch message today
today is your last opportunity to save
20% on the backpack we are taking back
orders for our first batch of the fully
updated backpacks with the Dual later
layer bottom and the titanium Carabiner
and YouTube shopping is helping you save
20% if you shop the real deal and
purchase through the product tag on this
video on YouTube yeah so if it's not
there you don't have the discount
because YouTube is paying for the
discount they are covering the discount
all new backpack orders are expected to
ship in July there is a very limited
number of these discounts available so
if you want to get a deal on the
backpack grab it now uh Dan uh do you
want to throw a couple of merch messages
at us and we can show the people how it
works sure thing uh let's see Jacob here
Dino pins when uh at Luke can you talk
about your experience with Shopify and
your team's process as a Shopify
developer i' love to hear your thoughts
on not building a custom theme h on not
building a custom
theme man I mean sorry to jump in it
would be very unlike me to do that if
someone specifically asked Luke a
question totally yeah yeah
um do it faster I don't even think it's
an option what do you mean like not not
doing a custom theme like honestly we
ran into so many I'm trying to figure
out what they mean because like our
theme is based on one of the Shopify
themes so are they are they saying that
that's not doing that I think it is
doing that because we've made a lot of
modifications yeah but it isn't like
custom from the ground up oh I see what
you mean yeah I would say I'm not sure
what they're how they're defining this
got it well one way or another I'll tell
you this you will run into limitations
so fast if you go bone let Shopify work
for you they're actually great there are
limitations to it you're you're you know
you're going to get frustrated sometimes
cuz there's whatever weird esoteric idea
that you have that isn't going to work
very well with the Shopify setup but in
general Shopify is this fairly quickly
considering the size of the company
constantly marching forward machine that
will improve and develop your store
effectively for you so I would highly
recommend to base off one of their
themes I think the theme that we based
off of is the dawn theme I believe
that's it that sounds familiar and then
it's heavily modified so pick pick one
of the ones that you like that are on
like do do a very short amount of
research because it doesn't require much
to figure out which one is their most
like forward which ones are their most
forward facing ones right now pick one
of those modify it to your liking and
then as they have the I don't remember
what they're called but it's the happens
like I don't know twice a year or
something they have these Shopify events
and they announce like 10 trillion
features
20% are available now 80% are going to
be available over the next series of
weeks or months year whatever um and
then just integrate those features and
keep moving forward and then check out
the App Store they they also do like a
Shopify approved apps thing where
there's apps that have worked more
directly with Shopify those ones are
often better
like we work with a lot of different
companies in this realm Shopify I I
would probably say is one of the best
ones considering what they do and how
easy it is to work with them Y and
considering how little you pay
especially when your volume is pretty
low once they once you get into them
taking a percentage of your Revenue then
they end up definit like they make money
on us oh yeah but they do a lot of work
we don't exist without them and hiring a
development team to do all the things
that Shopify does for
us we don't want to yeah there that's
the it's not efficient yes um we we'd be
better off we'd be better off making
modifications to Shopify than than just
trying to build our own thing from
scratch and you got to consider like if
you if you look at the the the service
in a really really simplified vacuum it
doesn't seem that hard and then you
start looking through their dashboards
yeah and then you start looking deeper
in their dashboards look and then it's
like as someone who worked for an online
retailer who didn't use Shopify I will
tell
you it's not better yeah yeah t Tortuga
said uh have to be careful with apps uh
it can get expensive so only use what
you need while you grow I agree but some
of the apps are also just like straight
up free um or genuinely very low cost
and if you if you look at the pricing
model that they have you can kind of
figure out how how expensive it's going
to be I personally find a lot of the
apps to be actually quite affordable for
what they offer um that's easy for us to
say though as a store that is has has
got revenue every day no like genuinely
I know but but look if you're just
starting out then I can definitely see
how you could end up in a trap where you
go oh well I can't possibly have a site
without this and this and this that's
almost certainly not true and you're
underwater yeah you can you can start
with no apps and you'll be completely
fine uh because if if you're if you're a
store that's just barely starting out
you probably don't need some of the
fancier things that you can do with apps
just wait until you need it get it later
but yeah the it's good it's very good
speaking of things that there's no way
that you can wait until you need I am
about to drive probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of 300 to 500 float plane
subscribers oh wa why do you know how
I'm going to do it no I'm going to tell
everyone that the legendary 100% success
rate chicken recipe is up that's right
Luke made the 100% success chicken for
Arty who uh said it's pretty good my
yeah uh he also did a video showing off
his BS it was Luke week on float plane
so the exclusive were all luk themed
actually not all Luke themed we've also
got Emily's video taking a deeper dive
into the Prototype via Centaur AI
accelerated CPU and I think this is from
last week so it's mostly mostly Luke
themed but he also did his Starfield SL
gaming industry rant SL optimistic chat
did you wait have you watched it how did
you know that well because I I don't
need man I don't need to watch a video
you host I know exactly what you're
going to say
that's pretty funny cuz I was like
there's there's I feel like there's no
way he watched it but then you
accurately described it better than like
anyone else has so I was like how does
this make any sense also I read comments
one of the one of the funny things on it
that makes sense one of the funny things
on that is you know haven't rode a video
in six or seven years oh yeah I thought
it was going to be like 9 minutes
long four minutes oh wow fast man that's
amazing get Luke to talk about Starfield
and the gaming industry and he wraps it
up in 4 minutes and 11 seconds have him
talk about his birds and it takes him 20
minutes and there's an extra like minute
and a half long clip that I added at the
end that's hilarious yeah and uh oh yeah
and chicken chicken also takes 20
minutes so I made the Starfield video
was longer I made it shorter cuz I
thought it was too long I think what got
me was I mentally compared it to how
long the documents were that I would
write for scripts back in the day yeah
and I think like I don't know font or
format or something must have been
different like paragraph spacing or font
or something so it ended up being like
half as long it was like a page and a
half it's like how the heck did it come
out to four minutes and 11 seconds I
think it has some good content in it but
I don't know nickel plain asking the big
questions what do your birds think of
you cooking other
[Laughter]
birds uh they don't seem to mind I eat
chicken in front of them yeah okay and
that doesn't bother them effectively
every day okay all right don't seem to
care what if you ate like uh something
more closely related what if you ate a
cockal in front of them that might that
might be a bit of an issue I might not
go over raw wow like would that would
they recognize like he is eating a bird
I think so you think so they're pretty
are they that smart like if you ate a
Budgy if you Aussie Osborne a Budgy
right in front of them pretty upset yeah
I think that would be pretty Dan got the
reference I know I know yeah yeah I just
mean was that actually real did that
like actually happen the bat oh
yeah guys's a GU a whack gu's a whack
job that's wild um yeah some some people
are asking for a state of gaming part
two I don't know I feel like I kind of
like owe people another one but I can't
do it on the same topic because I made
that one really dense I guess but it has
basically everything in it like the
video is actually fine being as long as
it is it just doesn't have any
filler oh apparent ly aie thought it was
a prop but he was like so ripped out of
his skull on drugs that he didn't notice
they handed him a live one wow uh that's
kind of brutal actually we've all been
there pretty gross so that's where Co
came from yeah it's just a little
delayed
yeah it was just uh it was just
quarantined in his system by like all
the other wild things going on in there
for 25 years or however long it was
there was some jokes that of the luk
week exclusive content there was um 4
minutes of video games and 40 minutes of
birds yeah because of chicken and and
budgies I mean that makes perfect sense
uh all right anyway yeah good week on
float plan okay Dan want to hit us with
another merch message sure good evening
lldd I was interested in the duvet that
was briefly talked about a year-ish ago
any updates or has it been crushed um
dead Yeah we actually still have
literally a $100,000 in alpaca wool I
heard about this yeah so um we do need
to find something has any bright ideas
yeah if do you want an alpaca something
I mean maybe we should just make a
life-size alpaca plush and then just
stuff it with alpaca wool and call it a
day we did Maro underwear what about
alpaca underwear well the problem is
that it's loose wool because it was
meant to be used as pillow stuffing so
we would actually have to get it like
like machine it yeah we'd have to get it
I don't know yarned turned into what
whatever whatever the weaving or process
or whatever that is what if you made
like whale plushies and then just made
them incredibly expensive because
they're filled with alpaca wool I mean
wh it's it's a possibility yeah we could
do will plushies we could do uh we could
do a bread sorus plushy and just it's
yeah it's like sorry it's $100 cuz it's
full of alpaca wool uh and also it
smells for the first three days because
it's full of alpaca wool like I don't
know I don't know what to do with
it um alpaca Edition screwdriver just
comes what like with with just like a
bushel of alpaca wool in the box like I
don't know yeah it's just it's just
premium packaging it doesn't make the
screwdriver better in any way yeah we've
had it for like 3 years apparently it's
been stored in a dry place so it's like
fine it should be fine but we do really
need to just put on that apparently
somehow no yeah which surprised me a lot
because I I don't know how much it cost
like I don't know how much wool that is
but that sounds like a lot of money to
me and so
like has alpaca wool gone up in value
like is this an appreciating asset yeah
are you just trading
Commodities is this one of my largest
personal Investments do I need to
disclose this move over gold we yeah
we've got
animal we're going to put option puts on
alpaca pack a fiber Market oh no see
hold on I'm just I'm just checking what
are the what are the trends uh
increasing popularity in the fashion
apparel industry we got pork Futures
that's a good one for you show me a
graph show me a graph I need a graph
someone needs to short Linus's alpaca
wol not Financial advice gamma squeeze
it hat okay you don't have to spam that
much relax um I I don't want an alpaca
wool hat I don't I don't think I I don't
know if anyone wants it okay here's the
here's the market size um I I don't know
what we have but I suspect it's
somewhere in the the medium range I
don't think it's uh particularly fine
fibers where show me the price show me
the bloody price okay I give up that was
as much time as I'm willing to invest
into that right
now all right hit me Dan hey W crew I'm
in the process of joining the US Navy to
be a cyber warfare technician did y'all
ever think about doing some kind of
cyber Tech work in the military or
government space big fan
I think I've thought about doing
everything one could imagine um so I
don't know how fair it is to say how'
you end up
here mostly
accident I was just like up late and saw
this video and was like oh I'll do that
let me let me put my uh computer on this
resume you tell me how that worked man
um uh yeah I don't know it it like
sounds I think I think for a lot of
people myself included it sounds really
cool and then you start doing stuff in
that space and you're like whoa this is
really hard uh
right so yeah as for me no
no I just really like computers yep and
uh my my career path had already
diverged they they wouldn't let me be a
technician at NC did I ever tell you
that no so it wasn't because of lack of
certification or anything like that it
was I I was wasn't the most experienced
that's fine I could see how they could
be concerned about the Optics of that
but it had nothing to do with skill
level um I was just too good at selling
oh they wanted me in the front I was
like I I would like to I would like to
just work in the back so I would just I
would just hang out in the back and talk
to the to the tech at the Langley store
his name was Andrew he was sick yeah guy
was awesome he was like he was one of
those guys that just like well computer
tech just zero given um I think I
remember this dude yeah super nice guy
um he kind of Ginger if I recall
correctly I I hardly so I didn't require
his services but I would like stand
there waiting to pick up one of my
orders or whatever and the text would
come out and work with people I remember
were just like listening in yeah butd he
was chill he was awesome uh anyway yeah
they wouldn't uh they they they wouldn't
let me just so I'd go back there and
hang out with them and the only reason
that no one would get mad at me for it
was cuz like my sales were higher than
anyone else in the store anyway in spite
of the fact that I was just like
shooting the breeze with the technician
a lot of the
time cuz realistically everything I was
talking about was kind of on task right
like honestly how much better would Best
Buy be okay let's not use Best Buy as an
example how much better would your local
computer store be if the sales reps
spent a tenth of their time just talking
to the
technicians yeah yeah probably I mean
the the I'm going to use Best Buy
anyways the Best Buy that I used to work
at are computer sales crew and our Geek
Squad crew when I worked there were
actually pretty well linked and we did
Super well and I think it made sense cuz
our team was like all quite competent no
it makes it makes a ton of sense because
otherwise how you going to know what to
sell unless you know what comes back
yeah our our store was like one of the
worst in Canada or something and by the
time we were done we were like number
one or number two in Canada and I I we
had a just fairly significant roster
change and everybody was just real into
it and it's it's a lot easier to sell
things you like know what you're talking
about and are passionate yeah cuz most
people are like okay cool I hear what
you're saying everything that you're
saying makes sense you have me
interested in this thing because
listening to passionate people is just
interesting for most people exactly um
yeah and it
works all right what do you want to do
for for a
topic do we want to pick a oh you want
to do sponsors dang it Dan no they
deserve a topic they the topic yeah
Dan
gosh how about medicine says no more
spam unless it's AI spam okay yeah I
don't know what the heck's going on with
this meta says that they will be
changing the recommendation algorithm
for Instagram and threads so that they
will no longer recommend reposts and
ripped off content which the company
says will give more visibility to
creators of original content and when
you listen to people who actually liked
Facebook at some point talk about
Facebook and its decline what they talk
about I've found more than anything else
is missing the days when it was actual
updates from people they are first first
order connected to single degree of
separation connected to um and and and
interacting with those people and it's
just kind of turned into just an endless
Doom scrolling pile of content Farm you
know video crap and reposts of stolen
memes and all that kind of stuff so uh I
don't see anything in here about
Facebook uh no okay we'll get to that in
a second uh these platforms will also
add labels to reposted content with a
link back to the original creator that
is super cool and that should just be
kind of standard practice I kind of love
that this will not apply to content that
has been significantly altered however
like a work that is edited into a meme
or given a new
voiceover meanwhile it has become
significantly harder to find original
artist content on Facebook as the
platform has become flooded with
unmarked AI content much of which is
bizarrely Jesus themed meta platforms
are likewise being flooded with tons of
ads for NSFW aai girlfriends against
metazone policies according to wired at
least 29,000 of these sexually
suggestive ads have been published on
meta platforms uh meta's own AI has been
acting oddly on Facebook making weird
unsolicited comments on posts including
one incident where it commented on a
parenting group claiming to have a
disabled yet gifted child meta has also
added the AI chatbot to Instagram search
making it difficult to avoid interacting
with these features I did notice that
actually anyway I want to I just want to
show you guys a couple of examples of
this weird oddly Jesus themed AI artwork
uh here's
one made it with my own hands thanks to
everyone who appreciates this and this
is from account love God and God love
you what the what what am I looking at
here and why does this have
46,000 interactions yeah how much of
this is bought activity 46,000
interactions but only 500 comments well
no that's an okay ratio 46,5 yeah cuz an
interaction on Facebook is so low
friction yeah I guess this this may
legitimately be actual people that are
like yes shrimp Jesus well the next one
the next one has 185,000 interactions
love from love father and mother bless
you made it with my own hands thanks to
everyone who appreciates this they're
doing it they made it with my own hands
thing and both of these accounts after
the Amber sand they don't have a space I
think this is the same thing oh yeah wow
thank you Professor Luke no problem he
you played spot the AI you won no I mean
like I think it's literally the same
like person behind it yeah yeah yeah but
I why I don't think an AI would just not
put a space in the name like I think
somebody actually just named this
themselves and it's just AI generating
photos yeah that could that could very
well be cuz I I mean yeah there's no
there's probably tools to like Mass
create accounts but sure you would have
to you would have to approve it's just I
I don't think this is one of those
mistakes that an AI would even make
though it would put a space after the
Amber you know that's something I've
started noticing a lot lately is like
when something is bad it almost it it
almost makes me it almost makes me feel
like oh this is real
yeah cuz there's just absolutely no
reason to make an error like that
anymore exactly um I'm like it happened
twice yeah the big question here though
is who's the
sniper what
oh oh man what do they have against
Jesus I'm sure that's just the AI not
really understanding that that's
actually like supposed to be a window or
something and it's just like ah sure why
not we'll put that there um I don't know
our discussion question is how big of a
threat is outof control spam for
companies
like well hold on a second because it's
not like the lowest common denominator
that are unironically interacting with
this stuff can even tell the difference
so why does it matter like for for their
user base what difference does it make
yeah but I think the whole like what
what is it is the the Daniel no is it
fake Internet Theory what is it dead
internet Theory dead internet dead Mall
oh this is hilarious okay no this
totally makes sense yeah float plane
chat figured it out it's it's he didn't
get it's adapted for modern times he
didn't get crucified it was firing
squad but that that that that's what
they're
representing thanks float plane chat you
guys got this sorted out to be clear to
be to be clear to be clear okay
regardless of regardless of alignment
this kind of thing is obviously
ridiculous and that's the reason that
I'm making light of it because it's go
to luk Camp clearly silly this poor man
I know is it hard sometimes is it is it
hard it's usually fine but sometimes is
it hard Luke right
now why did the right now make me
understand I don't
know oh yeah made you think about it
this is bad though like Twitter is is
just overran by Bots oh my I it's
actually wild okay anyone who claims to
not be able to accidentally find
pornographic material on Twitter you are
an actual liar or bar for what is
considered pornography is extremely high
um I was just I was just looking at the
there's ads now that are like I was
looking at the yard um post that the the
episode that I that I was guessed on was
up
and man I wanted to see what the hidden
for offensive content comments were and
one of them was just from someone very
confused uh which was kind of funny and
I I do read those comments sometimes and
then one of them was guys don't if
you're at work do not do not unhide any
any hidden comments on that cuz it's
yeah it's very definitely above your bar
whatever your bar is Twitter is
Twitter's brutal yeah uh I don't even
know I don't even know what to make of
it at this point like at what point can
we not ask our staff to be on a
platform as part of their work
interesting like do we have to basically
create a policy at this point if this
gets any worse do we tell the social
team okay look um you guys can post on
this you can decide to not if you but
realistically um we advise against
consuming any content on this platform
at work you can't or even you can't like
we can't we can't tell people yeah go
ahead find porn like view pornography at
work that's not that's not okay I saw
one during the show H Dan don't tell me
that I mean it's a problem is it not
okay if the employee okay with it is it
not okay yeah I'm pretty sure it's not
okay I I don't think it matters because
it it all comes back to that question of
like the power Dynamic so even work that
even if they're okay right even if
they're okay the fact that I told them
to do it might put pressure on them to
be okay yeah yeah and then even if they
say it's okay they might come back later
and and retroactively decide it wasn't
okay so we almost have to get out ahead
of it right if you don't tell them to do
it if you say like we would like posts
on Instagram but if if anyone's
uncomfortable with that you don't have
or uh Twitter but if anyone's
uncomfortable that you don't have to do
it and that doesn't and not everyone's
in a in a private office too right like
that doesn't account for if anyone's
walking behind their desk and someone's
just banging on their screen yeah right
like we can't we can't ask people to be
subjected to that so we I mean I I we
should raise this next week like an exec
meeting like should we have a serious
discussion about whether Twitter is a
site is allowed to be accessed on our
Network even there's probably a there's
probably a way to for the like it team
to block all the images that load on
Twitter I mean I'd be I'd be interested
in that as a solution yeah how to how to
how to safer work your Twitter
account dude this is ridiculous it is it
is actually genuinely getting like the
fact that we even have to have this
conversation and and you know what we
might not we might not do anything with
it we might kind of go the team might
come back and say like look yeah if you
don't dig into the offensive replies and
if we don't go onto any trends like if
we just kind of stay on our own replies
Trend are the fine yeah the trends man
you like I also get it in my in the the
whatever the mixed news feed is if I
look at just my
notifications or whatever that section's
called like things that are directed
towards me it's generally fine my
mentions are generally fine not always
but not always yeah um but but usually
vast majority of the time it's okay but
if I look at the the full mixed feed
it's like pretty high percentage
yep Walmart comes to oh wait no sponsors
all right I'll do it I'll I'm doing it
Dan fine Dan the show is brought to you
today by vessie get what you want are we
still playing guessing games about
whether it's going to rain with vessie
you don't have to roll the dice on
whether you'll have wet socks or not you
can just not not only do they look
stylish they're also extremely
waterproof according to vessie and being
such doesn't mean that your feet have to
suffocate thanks to their diamex Tech
techology vess's shoes are breathable
light and stretchy their stormburst line
of shoes is great for slippery sidewalks
and mossy logs on Trails since they have
extra traction and right now you can get
the storm burst in a low top so rain or
shine here or there it's always a great
occasion to wear a pair of vessis go to
vessie show and get 15% off your first
purchase vessie is one of those sponsors
man that um the first time they
sponsored us was the first time I'd
heard of them and now now they're huge
dude go to a mall it's like wo there's
bessies everywhere clearly nobody
actually bought shoes at this mall they
bought them from vessie yeah it's wild
uh the show is also brought to you by
Squarespace is your online business
falling like a skydiver without a
parachute well that's a visual look
pretty styling uh you probably won't be
winning any trust with that DIY website
that you're so proud of so save your
time and everyone's eyes with
Squarespace squ Squarespace is an
all-in-one platform with a variety of
customizable themes for your website
with their award-winning designer
templates your business just looks so
much more believable whether you're a
local business blogger or artist or
whatever you are Squarespace has you
covered all the templates seamlessly
work on mobile devices as well and you
can make changes with just a couple of
clicks no more confusing coding and with
the new client invoicing functionality
you can communicate with clients
organize your work and collect payments
all on Squarespace plus with 247 support
someone will always be there to answer
your questions so head to
squarespace.com
wow and get 10% off
today the show is also brought to you by
manscaped there is nothing scarier than
a swimming Sasquatch and that could be
you if you don't use
manscaped it's time to trim your Hedges
with manscapes lawnmower 5.0 Ultra it
comes with a trimmer blade and a foil
blade they're interchangeable letting
you choose if you want just a little
trim off the top or a smooth finish and
it's got a waterproof ipx7 rating so you
can get your business done in the shower
to make trimming even easier it's LED
light lets you see right through the
Shrubbery and it's portable and can be
charged conveniently with a USBC cable
meaning you can whack the weeds anywhere
you might be and that's not all
manscaped offers all kinds of grooming
tools and formulations and you can save
20% with code wow at manscaped.com
wow all right do you want to do the
Sonic one I want to talk about um your
face first second you want to talk about
my face your hair's coming back in my
your uh beard oh I just uh I didn't
shave this morning I shaved last night
so this is a fun one that facial
treatment that I did apparently it
stimulates hair growth oh so my Beard's
been like if I don't shave for like 36
hours like I look like a mountain man
are you just going to let it go uh oh no
I am but I no I got to finish my paint
job oh yeah my so my motorbike paint job
got kind of interrupted by Po's car
paint job which by the way have you seen
now yes he pulled into work what do you
think it's not as striking as the you
know the hot pink I kind of I kind of
got cold feet and I wanted it to look
cool it it looks pretty cool instead of
just like an acid it's not yeah it's
it's not the acid trip of the original
no the original L it's pretty cool but
it's it's cool I reviewed the video by
the way right before W show it's great
it's significantly more like you know
livable than than the first one man his
car
and I L the way that Alex framed the
intro so we added headlights AC
dampening we added uh power locks power
windows and we did all of those upgrades
for less than the price of a single
monthly payment on a brand new Civic
whoa yeah I thought that was such a cool
way to frame it wow that is a really
cool way to frame it yeah and we and we
I'm immediately interested in that yeah
that's awesome yeah good job the paint
job was several payments but don't worry
about that that was that was Grace but
you don't have to pay that was for fun
yeah yeah exactly exactly that part was
just for lws uh ton of fun and I learned
a lot uh we used a highb Build primer by
accident I it's one of those things
where like I wouldn't have bought that
one but I could have saved it by doing
some research and using some reducer in
it which I had on hand but I was just
like I mean probably this will be fine
and I started spraying it and that's why
it has that like texture to it because
my gun is rated for maximum 9 PSI and
that high Build primer wants 20 psi so
basically it didn't completely atomize
and it just like blew chunks at the car
so uh okay so you're still shaving
because you need the mask to make a seal
yeah so that my like organic filter uh
mask is still good while I'm finishing
up my bike I'm going to do a bunch of
color tests this weekend I'm really
excited about that so I've got a bunch
of different variations
of undercoat midcoat and then top coats
and effects and stuff like that and I've
got an order of speed shapes I got from
AliExpress for like $2 uh so speed
shapes are basically things like this
and they just have like kind of Contours
like a car so you can paint them and
then kind of see what it looks like from
different angles got it I'm going to get
that done and I'm just going to settle
on a bloody color and get this thing
done even though we haven't really quite
gotten to the level of vibrant pink that
I would like I'm just going to have to
kind of live with it and get it done I
want to ride it this season darn it
other than that I didn't have a
particular topic uh we could talk about
oh we're supposed to do merch messages
oh never mind you don't have to you're
so antagonistic I'm going to run to the
washer real quick I'll be right back all
right we'll get one for Luke
yeah uh question for Luke yes if you got
offered a job at from NASA or a similar
dream J right when lonus leaves would
you leave lmg and move to the US for it
uh I'd be really tempted but as of right
now I don't think I could um I feel too
much direct responsibility to certain
teams certain people here stuff like
that I don't know if that would ever
necessarily change maybe it will maybe
it won't
um but I would be extremely flattered
I'd say that much I'd be a little bit
confused as to what NASA would want to
do with me
um but I'd be interested
yeah that's it maybe a boring answer
greetings lldd I'm watching float plane
from an
airplane sick Luke what processes do you
have in place oh boy to help your
development teams actually accurately
forecast delivery timelines any any
implementation
tips I'm going to say no oops uh sorry
what was the last what was the last line
any implementation tips implementation
uh what what oh man good luck uh
James have fun so yeah welcome to the
world of developer timelines uh they
don't work it's it's like the Whose Line
Is It Anyways
points they don't matter they don't
exist um they're made up they they're
made up you you start getting used to
different people on your team and
like how good like that person is at
estimating time some teams can find
um systems like they'll they'll start
like Point scoring things and a lot of
teams will use different uh types of
Point scoring that they can have people
saying scrum for the wi yeah good luck
that doesn't I I don't find personally
that that scrum actually helps you
there's a lot of issues with scrum in my
opinion but I don't I don't actually
find that scrum itself helps you
estimate actual completion time of large
projects that need multiple scrums to
actually like be completed like maybe
and and I mean you estimating the amount
of time that it's going to take at the
beginning of the project because some
people will cheat and be like well we
know how much we can do roughly every
two weeks and then that's slightly
inaccurate every time so by the end the
Assumption we made at the beginning is
really wrong but our assumptions along
the way were pretty good so therefore we
did a good job and it's like well no
because we're talking about the
Assumption you made at the beginning
compared to what the reality was at the
end of it anyways
um but you can you can do
like the best one one that I've heard of
is when teams start looking at jobs and
they do a point scoring thing so they
try to assume the amount of like blocks
of time that something will take so they
don't do it by hour they do it by like
half day or full day or something like
that um and they use that as project
estimating and then they review that
after every project that they do to try
to help themselves get more and more
accurate over time that is helpful for
teams that often do at least somewhat
similar things if you're constantly
doing very very different things all the
time it's still going to be really tough
to estimate um I've actually found that
I'm more successful when I just get used
to roughly how inaccurate individuals
are and then don't actually coach them
on doing it at all and just have them
keep doing their estimates as they have
been and then buffer custom amounts per
person and then I found that's actually
pretty good I'm I'm pretty accurate that
way um as a blanket rule I always add
either 2X or 2 weeks
which everyone feels more correct for
the situation add two weeks to it or
double the amount of time that developer
says they think it'll take um a lot of
developers
are a little bit overconfident um or
don't necessarily fully consider testing
time uh different things like that
needing to go back and and refine things
or or whatever else um so just give them
a little bit of extra time because you
don't want them to
you don't want the blow of like it's
late we need it now when they actually
just want to do a good job um yeah so
someone in Philippine chapter said as a
Dev I always feel bad when I
underestimate time exactly so if you're
leading devs try to set them up for
success by hopefully putting them in a
situation where that's not really going
to happen by buffering for them one of
the best ways to do this is not actually
share the full communication with either
[Music]
end don't tell the devs that you
buffered extra time for them until they
run out of time and don't tell the
people that you're agreeing to do the
project for that you buffered anytime
just tell them the buffered amount and
then you end up delivering a little bit
early and then when the dev ran out of
time you can magically give them extra
time and then everyone on each end is
happy and you just it's all fine so
basically your career advice is lie
through your oh so basically your commun
your career advice is lie through your
te no it's just correctly estimate and
know the people that you're working with
I see yeah all right hit me uh is there
one for me or are you guys done yeah
sure I got one for you here thanks Dan
let's
see uh did you obtain any patents for
your cable management designs or did you
figure that if they get Rift ripped off
it'll likely happen in China where all
bets are off and decide not to bother um
It's a combination of things one that
second thing you said yeah I mean
realistically what are we going to do go
after a Chinese company they don't care
their government doesn't care um they
only care when Chinese companies get
ripped off it's actually really
interesting the double standards that
exist in the eyes of the Chinese
government um so realistically we're not
really yeah we don't really think
there's going to be any defense against
that anyway um number two I don't think
there's anything particularly patentable
about it it's a it's a magnet attached
to a piece of plastic like if we if we
had anything particularly novel about it
um if anything I think we'd be better
off can make it better I know yeah but
if there was anything that made it
better or was particularly novel about
it I think we'd actually be better off
just not mentioning it yeah because then
their product might not do as well if
you patent something you have to like
include drawings and stuff of like how
you do it which I'd rather just not do
if we had anything about it that made it
special uh and number three is a big
part of what makes the cost of our
product so high is the raw material cost
of the neodymium magnets so with that in
mind if you were to make a knockoff
where are you saving your money exactly
you could I mean we already had the
molding done in China we already have
the Plastics shot in China we're already
buying neodymium from A supplier in
China so okay Chinese knockoff company
what exactly is your advantage going to
be here um you're going to do all the
same things as us and so if you build it
to the same level of quality with the
same amount of raw neodymium in it your
price is going to be high so what
they're going to do inevitably you can
mark my words on this what they're going
to do is they're going to cheap out on
the
neodymium it won't hold as well and they
wouldn't even if if we did have
something special that we did to make it
better they won't figure that out they
won't notice they won't care because all
people ordering online are going to see
is that it's the same shape and it has a
magnet in it they're not going to know
how deep the magnet goes and so those
magnets are going to break more easily
they're not going to hold as well people
are going to get it they're going to
find out that it
and then if anything it's just marketing
for our product because ours is the real
one ours is the good one so we didn't
really see the point because it's a
really great product and it's quality
and uh it's selling really great so yeah
we'll see how it goes in the longer term
but no I'm really not that worried about
it the only way to compete with us on
Price is to make a crappier product good
luck with that got them
you want to do Luke I don't know man
let's get these uh main topics out of
the way just to make sure AI powered
race cars kind of sucks so far the Abu
Dhabi autonomous Racing League the
world's first Racing League featuring
self-driving formula race cars held two
races this weekend the first featured
only self-driving race cars while the
second had self-driving cars compete
against human drivers okay that's
interesting the qualifying time trials
prior to the race wound up being chaotic
with the automatic race car struggling
to finish a lap and occasionally
randomly jerking as if dodging an
invisible
obstruction that's actually weird
multiple cars spun out and at least one
hit a wall did they not test this at
all here's from the article what here's
from the article on the verge uh watch
this car hey hey hey how you
doing um huh this is great hold on
you're about to watch a car turn into a
wall I
think yeah why is that car is still a
car it didn't turn into a wall oh my
goodness misleading misleading The Verge
misleading bad content but qualifying or
sorry during the race the leading car
spun out the second car passed but an
official threw a yellow flag the other
cars got confused and stopped behind the
stalled car as during a caution lap cars
are not allowed to pass each other the
autonomous cars were slow especially
around corners and seemed to get
confused by the smoke from other
vehicles oh one car misjudged another
car's breaking and rear ended
it this sounds like a very expensive
hobby
yeah yeah jfer over on uh in the Virgin
comment says people only watch F1 for
when things go wrong so I don't see
anything bad about this stalks dude
they're they're going to make so much
money so many things wrong with this so
many
layers that's amazing all of the
sponsors are just insurance
companies there's a lot of AI driven
cars on the road this could be you what
you're watching right now Tesla all the
traditional automakers all the
traditional automakers who have who have
paused their investments in autonomous
driving just putting it all into this to
make like Tesla look bad make people
scared oh that's so funny this is
amazing uh I think that's mostly it
there's some discussion questions what's
the likely difference between
programming a car to navigate a City
versus programming it to complete a race
honestly I don't know enough about this
to really comment on that but for me
it's not necessarily the cuz the
predictability of the track
theoretically is a h should be very high
huge Advantage even if you are using
Machine Vision which you would have to
be doing in order to avoid obstacles or
other vehicles um knowing the the basic
parameters is an enormous Advantage
however the speed at which things are
happening and the relatively speaking
lack of clear rules like on a on a
public Street this sign means everyone
should behave in in this predictable
manner whereas on this track oh I see
okay it's well get there first yeah
right and obviously they're going to
program in some rules because they don't
want their expensive machines to just
get exploded randomly turn and drive
into walls but I mean we've absolutely
speaking of randomly turning to the left
um and driving into walls uh let's uh
yeah this
thing like racing all comes down to you
know your your risk to reward tolerance
right so this is this is one of the most
I'm not into racing but this is one of
the most amazing moments in history what
is this um video game move yeah hold on
let me see if I can find the so Buddy's
way
behind uh hold on where's my oh man
where's my retention sick thing well man
why is why is this video
trash well anyway yeah I can't find it
but uh yeah unbelievable oh apparently
it's now banned yeah makes sense hate
for anything interesting to happen in
all seriousness though that is crazy
dangerous and nobody should be doing
that okay here we go here we go here
we've got this is a dash cam here's a
dash putting yes on that one Dan look at
him
go see you later buddy wow so even with
all the friction yeah passes passes like
six cars in the corner wow yeah
absolutely
wild but like I don't know man like a
machine can't run that risk how's it
going to make that decision
like that very few people do that I
think true he apparently pulled eight
[Laughter]
G's
wow
wow I wonder what kind of chances there
were for him to just like break his car
doing that La Earth says I a fan and
watched it live he literally just tried
a video game move like he used on
PlayStation
not helping not
helping anything um all right what else
we got here uh UK bans bad passwords UK
has updated its telecommunications
security legislation to ban easily
guessable default passwords now
manufacturers will need to ensure their
devices come up with a randomly
generated password or that they can
generate a random password upon setup oh
default passwords cannot reference e
okay they ban bad default passwords that
makes a decent amount of sense default
passwords cannot reference easily
discoverable information like Wi-Fi
ssids and they cannot be incremental
versions of each other I.E password one
password two okay neat so I would just
like to say that I kind of hate this why
as a technical user I really like it
when my default password for everything
that brand is just admin admin because
often I am resetting something multiple
times and going back and referring to
the 14 Char random character uppercase
lowercase special character thing and
entering that on my stupid phone because
my laptop that I'm using on site today
is out of batter like I can understand
it's annoying situations where this will
be extremely annoying for me but it is
100% the right thing to do yeah yeah
it'll be annoying for probably a lot of
the people watching right now literally
dozens of us will be infuriated by this
but it's better for the whole but it's
well here's my problem though is a lot
of devices are only ever going to be set
up by a professional
so n like a server or something come on
like ubiquity
equipment no no no casual is going to
set up a ubiquity access point yeah but
I think the ubiquity access points are
going to be Prett small percentage of
these things I think they're talking
about like Wi-Fi routers and stuff but
what about
me I mean in Access Point's basically a
Wi-Fi router you know I would be okay
with with the idea that this only
applied to consumer electronics actually
if it if it didn't apply to like
Enterprise grade stuff I'd be fine with
that personally yeah screw it you should
probably set your stuff up properly
whatever y yeah I I they won't do it
that way but that would be fine I I
would be I would be so much happier with
that but no you're right they probably
won't do it that way another thing that
I know you're really happy about is that
Walmart has come to Roblox Walmart is
piloting a store on Roblox where players
can buy a physical item alongside its
digital in-game twin the Walmart
discovered experience is currently only
available in the US children over 13 can
make purchases so long if they've
verified their age by sending Roblox a
picture of their government issued ID as
well as adding their name address and
credit card information to the
roblox-based Walmart store Walmart
previously attempted to appeal to
Children through Roblox by adding two
previous experiences Walmart land and
Walmart's Universe of play however this
was met with backlash as Walmart failed
to properly disclose that these games uh
were also advertisements that was really
loud through the mic by the way so the
reason I oh sorry so the reason I
brought my phone up just now was to
check if I still had the notification
for it cuz I was going to show you my
son requested to install Roblox earlier
this week look no look I the two he's
done both of them now I approved
fortnite two weeks ago which he's been
enjoying a lot I I had the I had the I
had the microtransaction conversation
with him again I was like I was like
look okay you're going to see a lot of
your friends are going to have a lot of
like paid items and skins and stuff in
these game in this in this game um okay
what are what are they he's like suckers
and I'm like good good boy um I don't
know how long that'll last but boy am I
ever going to try and keep that
mentality because to be clear guys what
I'm doing right now I don't I don't
actually think that's necessarily true I
think there's lots of good reasons that
you could uh contribute towards a piece
of software that you really enjoy
developers need to be paid I'm not going
to make that argument a lot of people
have bad relationships with this the
issue is that fortnite is designed to be
a money sucking machine and it is
designed to pray on people who have who
are either young and immature or who
have um an unhealthy relationship with
these kinds of transactions and so what
I am doing is I am I am setting the bar
here right knowing that probably he will
land here instead of and this is this a
hope right like I don't know if this
parenting strategy works but instead of
setting the bar here and then you know
oh dear Lord you know he fell down here
so I'm basically setting a very very
high level of expectations so if we ever
do spend money on a fortnite skin or
something like that the understanding
will be that this is an exception this
is very this is special this is
something very special Merry Christmas
you got one skin or something along
those lines I think the only thing you
risk with that is when they when they
become free and they seek the thing that
was restricted more sometimes it Cano
yeah that's true Way Beyond but true I
don't think it will in this case um I
yeah his his his opinion on what games
he liked used to be so incredibly
based and now it is becoming not so and
that makes me sad yeah I know but it's
okay that's fine we'll draw him back
into it I still haven't shown him
Warcraft 3 kids are going to kid
sometimes oh yeah and and like
realistically gaming is so
it's true his friends are playing it it
is what it is yeah 100% I agree I just
it just sucks um one thing that I think
is pretty funny about this Walmart thing
is I can pretty much guarantee you that
somebody somewhere is going to complain
that you have to buy a physical item in
order to get a digital one which I think
is so funny because we get comments
complaining that you have to buy
something from LTT store to get a merch
message in because they would rather
just send in money and receive nothing
and I just think that so crazy that I
know someone is going to be like I just
wanted the digital headphones I didn't
want the real headphones I wanted to
play full headphone dollars for digital
headphones not real ones that's going to
happen someone's going to do
it I mean In fairness if they don't need
another pair of headphones I kind of see
where they're coming from just give them
to your friend or something or you could
just not need the digital headphones too
that's also an option that's a that's a
better idea I mean this is really smart
you got to give credit where it's due
this is this is super smart they're
definitely going to move some units
um I
just it's exhausting I think that's the
only real word that I can use for it
it's just exhausting like all the new
and creative ways that we can be
marketed to billions of dollars going
into controlling your brain D like dude
there is there is so much stuff that's
just like like obvious stuff that LTT
store could do in order to sell more
like immediately sell more like goofy
stuff like when we did our when we did
that video on Sports Tech so like Tech
that's branded with sports team logos
and stuff like that man the site that
runs most of that stuff in the US it's
just like every stupid mind game is
front and center on their site like
right now with only four hours left is
the ultimate sale big ball
sale no it's not you're just going to
start a new sale like fake fake low
stock information where they'll try to
blast like going out of business two two
left yeah yeah man oh man what is it
with mattress stores and being going out
of business for like 10 years there's
there's one on King George Boulevard
that the the going out of business
signage just faded like are you're not
kid you're not fooling anybody what is
this Ltd store.com in Roblox I mean you
know what I'd be I'd be down I'd be down
to do like a Wan hoodie that you can
wear in your video game and also you get
a you know real life Wan hoodie or
something like that I I I don't I don't
see that as in apparently bad I'm just
I'm just kind of tired of having things
shoved down my throat this hard and it
feels like uh feels like a lot of people
feel that way uh speaking of having ads
shoved down your throat I just thought
that I just thought this was kind of
interesting uh the judge in the US
Department the US Department of
Justice's antitrust case against Google
is currently hearing closing arguments
as to whether Google's market dominance
has harmed the quality of search spoiler
yes the heart of the doj case is
Google's deals with various companies
ensuring that Google search would be the
default on their platforms in particular
Google's deal with Apple a witness
revealed during this trial that Google
pays Apple
36% of its search advertising revenue
from Safari in order to remain the
default Search tool on the browser in
just 2022 this deal resulted in Google
paying $20 billion to Apple Android
manufacturers typically get around 12%
of this revenue for their own default
agreement with Google so onethird as
much
um this is not news necessarily so the
closing arguments are happening now but
a lot of this has come out earlier but
one of the things that struck me about
this was that it is always interesting
to me to see the the the the shapes that
apple apologists apple loyalists
whatever you want to call them fans
right fans you shouldn't be a fan of
anything um but but that Apple Fans will
contort themselves into to frame apple
as a totally different kind of entity
compared to the other big tech companies
and this one this one what stood out to
me about this was um it reminded me of
that conversation that we had a little
while back about the VPN industry and
how sort of you know how our comfort
level is high enough to have VPN
sponsors and talk about the benefits of
VPN to our audience but our comfort
level is not high enough to run our own
VPN and personally say no I understand
that that IP is downloading illicit
harmful material um you know it's it's
affecting real people you know real
miners and we are not going to give you
we are not going to give you that
person's information that's just beyond
B and Luke's comfort zone we're not
going to say no to that so we're just
not going to run a VPN because you can't
have a VPN that just decides sometimes
to disclose its users
um activities and sometimes doesn't um
but what I it reminded me of that
conversation because I was looking at
this going How can Apple and Apple's
users look at each other you know across
the table and go I am so protective of
your privacy I care so much about it
that it is Central to basically all my
product
messaging and for you to sit there and
believe that while I am collecting $20
billion a year
yeah through Google's efforts to harvest
your data and sell ads against that
personalized collected data I mean
Apple's conflict of interest here is so
obvious and so clear and so Brazen that
I just I don't know I just I find it I
find it exhausting that it isn't obvious
to everyone else and I think that's
become a bit of a problem for
me like I end up with people with people
looking at my t
and kind of going like yeah lus lius
hates apple or he or he hates this or or
he whatever whatever he thinks about
about something and I think part of it
is yeah I'm just I'm exhausted of having
the same conversations over and over
again and you know the i' I've said this
before I guess I'll do it one more time
the thing that drives me most crazy
about Apple is the utter hypocrisy of it
of their behavior that they that they
will put a micro site up on their
website about how much they're saving
the planet as they actively send tens of
thousands of working devices to uh to a
a destroyer like geep Jeep however you
pronounce it GE P there was a whole
lawsuit that Apple I think ultimately
dropped because they didn't like the
publicity they were getting around
pursuing these guys for ultimately not
destroying this working Hardware was the
whole thing this was a little while back
um I'm not just a hater this is this is
not hate this is this is looking at the
pieces in motion looking at the actions
they're taking and
going is this not obvious to everyone
like you can still like Apple products
you still buy a iPhone I don't
care that's your money you do whatever
you want just know what's happening but
why why do you insist why do you insist
on not seeing it for what it is and I
just I don't know how to address it like
seeing seeing the the antitrust
developments between the US government
and apple and all the articles that are
on sort of the usual uh news sites that
kind of have that traditional article
comment format I I read a lot of
comments not just on our own videos not
just on videos um a lot of the time I'll
I'll skim the article and I'll read the
comments I read a lot faster than I
watch video though so I usually will
just read an article because I'm a
pretty fast reader um but but going
through going through the Articles it's
amazing even on communities where
generally I have found that the readers
are of above
average savviness like AR Technica I
would say is an example of a site where
generally speaking it's pretty hard to
get upvoted if you're a completeing
idiot like it it just doesn't really
happen compared to a site like uh like
The Verge is a more Normy site but still
reasonably Savvy compared to um I don't
know that that dumb one that we were
showing all the AI comments on a little
actually no that one wasn't bad um but
anyway the point is I I would say RS
Technica is one that has a pretty high
high standard of viewership or
readership and I was going through one
of the articles on this and the number
of people that were making the but wall
Garden I love it better in here argument
just blew me
away then have your Walled Garden you
can choose those options stay in it yeah
it's okay you can close the door
competition is good that is a universal
truth and you will not be able to argue
that point with any degree of success
against anyone who isn't a complete
NPC competition breeds Innovation it
just does and companies that are not
forced to compete will
abuse their okay let's not say
monopolistic because that's that's a big
part of the argument um um Apple isn't a
monopoly they're not a monopoly look at
that you don't have to be a a monopoly
mono you don't have to be just one to
engage in anti-competitive Behavior you
can be a local you could be a regional
ISP that is stomping out even smaller
competitors you are still engaging in
anti-competitive Behavior even if
there's half a dozen other isps in the
country it's that's not the point right
that there's just one
um and it just it just blows me away how
polarizing this is and how emotional
people's arguments are about it when I
just don't get it don't be a
fan don't be a fan of Apple don't be a
fan of Intel or Nvidia or Microsoft or
any of these companies I mean look at
man look at the way the tech industry
has handled layoffs lately have you have
you seen the supercharger team layoffs
like yeah Tesla Supercharger teams see
you later nice knowing you
um I always like going to that that uh
website layoffs.fyi it's interesting
yeah here I'm going to your laptop
yeah in 2024 alone 279 tech companies
have laid off 80,2 30
employees as soon as you're publicly
traded by definition you can't have a
soul
yeah yeah it's brutal you can if you
through this website for a while um you
can uh I don't know I don't remember
exactly how to do it it's it's intuitive
once you actually start using it but
there's a way to uh sort by like type of
company uh because it shows like like
fintech companies all this other type of
stuff in there but you can you can
narrow it down to different specifics
but it's it's a lot of
people Avon fox says if we don't want
fans stop calling them team red team
blue Etc that's a good point um and you
know what that's one of the that's one
of the sort of
Insidious subtle ways that um that that
they do turn Gamers against each other
like as far as I remember AMD started
that whole team red thing I think so I
think that was back in the bulldozzer
days when basically they didn't have any
product worth buying and all they could
count on was selling to fans and you
know what this is tough right because if
absolutely everybody bought only the
objectively best product
companies would just cease to exist go
to monopolies instantly instantly and so
the fact that the fact that you know
people that I would no offense but like
laugh at behind closed doors who are
buying these like objectively worse
products for the same price right like I
I sorry I'm sorry but I think you're a
clown if you know that one thing is
objectively better than the other one
and you buy you buy the worst one
because it has a brand you like on it
I'm sorry you're a clown I do think
sometimes but they saved AMD the fact
that we have AMD today is because
absolute clowns were fans of a company
and bought a brand instead of a product
it's like you know what thank you thank
you I actually enjoy living in clown
World cuz if we had just Intel we' I do
think you're oversimplified we'd still
have four cores Luke because some people
just don't care enough we'd still have
four cores so they're not going to do
the
research something's just going to be on
sale they're like whatever I need a
functioning computer I don't really care
that and you know what that's fine yeah
that's fine and then other people might
have but I didn't talk about that other
people might have subjective reasons why
they like or dislike something and other
people might have reasons why they're
doing in anything but purchasing I can
address all of these okay all right okay
so number one I wasn't talking about
that out of ignorance I will absolutely
buy the wrong brand of drill bit sure it
happens I I I I don't have the time to
research absolutely everything in my
life and I understand that some people
in fact I'm one the people who talks
about this all the time like we live in
our little Tech bubble where
everything's obvious to us you know that
this one is so much better than that one
how could anybody possibly buy a a 4060
with only 8 gigs of vram or you know
whatever the thing we hate dujour is you
know I I talk about that all the time
how for most people it's as simple as
walking into a retail store and buying
whatever the rep hands them happens to
be within their price range I get that
so I'm not talking about people who just
just don't know and as for your second
one I forget what it was it was good
though really good
uh okay so there was ignorance yeah
there
was oh just not caring preference I
think it was no no that was the third
one I thought the third one I can't put
that finger yeah the third one was
anything but the anything but verse yeah
okay so so the so the so the second one
I'm sorry but I just I just don't accept
it with a computer processor I can
accept it with a water bottle because
this is sub we were talking about like
everything though it wasn't just CPUs we
were talking about okay well I'm
specifically talking about tech products
right now though and when it comes down
to CPUs there might still be preference
because you might use a certain program
or something that performs better than
the other thing but that's fine that's
still objective I'm just saying that a
CPU is not a subjective purchase but
that comes down to potentially two
products still being relevant in those
days it didn't I agree yeah no that no
no that was that was clown days of AMD
there was you were if you if you paid
full price for bulldozzer you were you
were willfully ignorant basically like
those were those were bad you couldn't
was a rough time you couldn't look even
glance at the introduction of a review
and not know that it was not dark times
it or that it was dark in the tech indry
back then it was it was a sad it was a
sad time as for the anything but I get
it there are definitely companies that I
have taken a break from before but I
also I also think that that's kind of a
um
like I know recently that there are
people that have taken risks with
purchasing decisions especially in the
GPU Department because of some of the
things that nvidia's
done I don't necessarily think that
that's super
wrong and that's fair but what I will
say is don't get stuck in like a place
of sort of blind hatred forever yeah
because outside of you know VAR emploees
are going to turn over things very
senior leadership the company that you
are buying from if you're buying an AMD
CPU today for example and I'm using AMD
as an example for a reason because they
have had a significant amount of
turnover in the last decade if you buy
an AMD CPU today you are effectively
buying it from a completely different
company oh yeah from who they were 10
especially like if you go back like 15
years ago 100%
functionally the it's like they're the
company of thesis right like almost
every working part has been replaced in
that time a lot of companies are that
way though so holding so holding grudges
against a
brand is is entirely silliness um you
should absolutely consider anything
they've done recently and if they have a
long history of absolutely evil Behavior
then that clearly is a dee rooted
cultural issue like I If someone were to
say look I'll buy anything as other than
something made by
Nestle all right
fair enough because you know whether you
want to make an argument around like you
know the privileged position that
they're in today at all is because of
the awful behavior that they have paid
zero reparations for or whether you want
to look at their more recent actions
you'll have a strong argument for why
you just shouldn't buy anything made by
Nestle but I think it'll be hard pressed
to find a similar example in the tech
space um Nestle was a good call out
though I like it yeah well they're just
the the most obviously evil company
other than what maybe Chita like I who's
that that's the banana company oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay all
right don't forget about the coke
murders never forget the Coca-Cola
murders there's some wild stuff in the
food industry it's actually nuts yeah
they literally don't even their defense
was not even that they didn't do it it
didn't happen here their defense was
that it was not within the prosecution's
jurisdiction
you know what that did yes unfortunately
there's also lays I think don't forget
about the palm oil industry in general
like literally palm oil actually
destroying entire
nations sick but hey at least it's uh
what was what was the argument for it
was like lower calorie or healthier or
something natural something I forget I
forget but yeah yeah yeah yeah sorry for
bringing up pal oil it feels like it
feels like some like portal stuff it's
like lower calories for the ones who are
still alive yeah exactly like dude it's
this is one of those things where it's
like I um I I am not about whataboutism
like whataboutism is a super weak
argument when someone says hey you did a
bad thing and they point back and they
go well what about what about what about
there are valid cases for it if someone
is engaging in hypocrisy there's nothing
I think that I dislike more than
hypocrisy like if I'm calling out Luke
for his
um get me I don't know his big nose
perfect right actually that's a bad
example because it's an inherent trait
but my point was just that my nose is
bigger than his so if I were if I were
calling oh come on I don't I don't look
at these things I genuinely don't
literally Royal I can't see myself on
the deluxe I like to describe it as
Deluxe nose Prime yeah nice um I like it
or whatever it is if I am actively
engaging in the same behavior or or the
same behavior but worse that is
absolutely a valid defense that is not
what aism that is you being a
hypocrite and you actually need to sort
out your own before you start
talking about anyone else's yeah U so
that's a that's a completely different
thing but you know in general I am not
I'm not about what about ISM but I also
do think that in the gaming and in the
tech industry we tend to We tend to end
up with kind of tunnel vision on the
things that are happening within our
space you know I think I think a great
example of this was the uh the
principled Technologies benchmarking
scandal from Intel do you even remember
this I do yeah basically someone at
Intel up some charts and they got
published even though they were
obviously not right and they caused a a
very unfavorable comparison to AMD that
was just obviously not right I looked at
that whole situation I went yeah someone
up there was issues everywhere
and legal problem and whoever they are
are high up enough that they can cover
their butts and trying to deal with it
they did a pretty bad job and legal
probably came in and said look if we say
anything we open ourselves up to a bunch
of legal liability because we
acknowledge the error which would mean
that AMD would have grounds that we have
effectively admitted that we are guilty
of doing this when in reality it was
probably just some dumbass like on the
marketing team that didn't realize that
this was a problem
um cuz I can I promise you none of the
technical people I thought there was
more stuff like a test bench hidden
under a table and all these other things
that no I don't remember maybe this was
some other thing it was a small enough
thing that it could have easily been
coordinated by like one or two people
who didn't who did who just I remember
that part who were just dumb sure just
plain dumb way too long and probably
didn't listen to any of the smarter
people who absolutely know better I mean
that's the thing about organizations is
an organization can do something
that was actually just a couple of
completeing idiots or just like a wicked
miscommunication or a wicked misom I
don't think that one was a
miscommunication I don't think so either
I'm just saying there's a lot of ways
for this to happen I think it was
someone with too much power and and who
was arrogant and who didn't understand I
think it was someone who's being paid
more than their understanding of the
technical details of the product is is
what I will say um and you know the but
the way that people kind of blew up
about this and the kind of conspiracy
theories that were spawned from it I was
like look man you guys never heard of
handlon Razer you know handlon Razer
obviously right I didn't know it was
handlon yeah never never attribute to
malice what can be adequately explained
by stupidity yeah it is handon hand's
Razer um and I never got anyone from
Intel to confirm my version of the story
but what I did get was I got on a call
where I said look tell you what how
about this tell me that what I'm saying
is
wrong and I finished telling my story of
how I kind of assumed it happened and
then just no one really responded and
then well this was one person that was
talking to me off the Record cuz they
were just
like you know look I just I don't want
people thinking that our whole
department is like evil people and they
were basically just like well this has
been a nice call and I'll talk to you
another time cuz it's it's just obvious
if you understand the human elements
that go into something like that it's
easier to pick it apart because the the
idea that anyone is organized enough to
have coordinated that as like a as like
a campaign I mean it's it's it's silly
right like it's I I think just while
we're on it I think hanon's Razer has a
dangerous side of it which is where you
if you
start overly making people innocent you
make yourself very vulnerable cuz there
is a lot of malice and that is true and
you know what I have multiple times in
my life ended up in a bad situation
because I have a tendency to attribute
to um
misunderstanding as my default but you
know what I just I just don't think I
can live my life the other way no I
think I think and I'm usually right I
agree and that's it's you know
defaulting to malice you're just going
to you're not going to have any friends
and your life's going to suck but you
just do also have to be aware that there
are malicious people out there
absolutely and you can't just like be
blind to it forever I want to show this
real quick before we get off the topic
by Tangen thing tooo hard somehow U that
if if you've heard all this and you know
you still might be into the whole
teaming thing you can uh you can jump on
amdan store.com and get yourself some $8
DD team AMD clown team I don't know like
red NOS team nice in in the defense of
the cycling Jersey I'm pretty sure uh
Intel has some jerseys as well don't
they from something oh probably
yeah nice they don't have that many
products a $50 waste
pack $60 waste pack
sorry I mean they have quite a few
products actually gaming chair at least
oh wow I was about to say at least their
worthless swag is priced like worthless
Swag like their uh their sunglasses were
like 10 bucks
but like man that uh I mean that's a
tool backpack though that's not just
AMD that almost feels like they they
produced a bunch of them for staff just
like making them available computer
backpack I thought it was
commuter I don't know if you're going to
find the exact same one is it that
second one oh no the zipper goes across
like that oh is it the 12 custom uh okay
well 12 of them for
1406 why why is that promotional
products
nice laptop backpacks all right Luke
doing the real research here I want to
find it is it an older model got an
investigative journalist
here Luke Luke Luke Luke come on let's
cheer him on Luke Luke I don't think I'm
going to find it's not here shop shop an
old model
shop model that's fine I'm over it oh
well I took away your screen sharing for
that's fine yeah I didn't I didn't I
didn't find it I
failed I'm still looking I don't even
remember what our topic was but
basically don't be fans of like
especially public companies yeah if
you're going to if you're going to act
like it personally just uh don't act
like it publicly I mean I guess that's
an option like there's been
a speaking of companies you should not
be a fan
of what now uh oh 55 bucks
hey hm all right well that's a good
markup pretty solid solid markup oh
$40 $40 for a decorated sample though
that's to order a sample they may do
discounted samples so I don't I don't
don't read too much into this one that's
true what does decorated sample mean
well this is these guys are these guys
are a printing company so you you would
order a custom one and look the minimum
order quantity is 12 so they're expect
they're expecting a volume order so that
may just be the price for a sample with
the expectation that you will order a
bunch and the prices might the pricing
might be higher I if you want backpacks
for your like team or something like
that exactly that's cool speaking of
companies you shouldn't be a fan of uh
YouTube has done a lot Google has had
over well o overall an overwhelmingly
positive impact on my life oh nice nice
sorry sorry you are just deter you know
what fine you do the show no you did the
show nice no okay I get it nice thank
you for that sorry keep going YouTube
loves pause ads there I'm not even going
to try and segue I give up I don't even
care
anymore for the past year YouTube has
been piloting ads that appear on Smart
TVs when playback is paused Google
presented the pilot as a success in
their first quarter earnings call as a
non-interruptive ad format that
nonetheless had significant Advertiser
demand pause ads have likewise been
rolled out by Roku here's an example of
a YouTube pause ad courtesy of text spot
so the image of the show gets smaller
and an ad pops up on the side ooh snack
break right around the corner probably
fine to be honest really as a user if
you're going to have an ad somewhere
this seems the least intrusive I don't
like my UI moving around like I really
don't like that when I go to pause
something and then replay it I I really
don't like my button to move um I think
it wouldn't though realistically I'm not
going to see it anyway though so I guess
this is all sort hypothe if you're
pressing do you would you generally
press in the middle of the screen yeah I
think cu the middle of the screen here
is still the player and you don't have
to click on the play icon for it to play
you just have to click on the player
this is true so it would still work I'm
still mad
there I mean I don't it's not like I
like it to be clear I just think of
first Luke likes pause ads oh my
goodness of all the things that they
could do going to be a s very soon luk
legp ads.com should put him on float
plane no no see he's already working on
it that's why he says no because now
we're onto his devious plan to put pause
ads on float plane they're going to Riot
Luke they're going to Riot these are our
most loyal customers why would you do
that to them what we are working on is
getting uh official captions so that'll
be nice oh that's cool yeah like are
they like like machine learning
generated whisper generated and then
there will be an option for manual
upload as well wow that's pretty cool
yeah that's going to save the social
team a lot of work yeah yeah are they
the main driver of this uh they've
definitely asked for it but I think we
just we hit a bit of a milestone in
regards to like sight stuff so the the
whole like angular to react upgrade
thing finished and our new transcoding
system is rein is instated in is that a
correct way of saying that I don't know
whatever um both of those happened at a
relatively similar period of time so
like future development is bubbling
again which is good sick all right
yeah I think it's time for show after
dark nice have we done all the major
topics uh major topics yes there are
other ones are wait Google play
Celebrate Sonic oh wait we didn't talk
about the rabbit R1 ah let's do it in
the dark nice nice do you want me to do
the Sonic thing while you're doing
that Google Play celebrates Sonic but
gets every single fact wrong last
Saturday the official Google Play
Twitter account posted a strange thread
supposedly showing off the changes in
Sonic the Hedgehog's design over the
last 30 years years however literally
every Post in the entire
thread is incorrectly labeled and
inaccurate H each has been corrected
with a community note uh some have
suggested that the thread was generated
using Ai and posted without human
oversight however Google has yet to
either remove or address the thread
despite widespread news coverage this is
so
weird and like the image that they even
put of
Sonic looks AI
generated I don't know where's the
shadow over his this is Sonic is he
appears in Sonic Boom never
mind is possible that Google Play have
confused for the game Sonic CD which did
rele 993 though the reason why I said
that is cuz his hand here which is like
placed on his hip is not actually
touching his hip so I was like maybe
it's AI stuff but Eng a shot from inside
the I don't think so I actually don't
think so either it's weird I think it's
just shockingly poor again handlon razor
I think it's just shockingly poorly
researched you don't you don't think
it's AI
stuff no I don't think so I think this
is too wrong to be
AI I don't think an AI would get
everything wrong like like what some
stuff what AI did they use for that fa I
don't think I believe that yep all right
US Government adds foxes to AI Hen House
thing whatever this
means us homeland security has created a
new artificial intelligence Safety and
Security Board which is intended to meet
once every Financial quarter to discuss
partial practical recommendations for
the US government on how to best manage
the threats posed by AI development yeah
let's meet let's meet once a quarter
nice no no this is great though the
board has 23 members including Sam Alman
of open AI Sachin Adella of Microsoft
SAR Pai of alphabet and Dario amodi amod
sorry of anthropic as well as Jensen
hang of Nvidia there are also
representatives from Adobe Amazon AMD
Cisco IBM Delta Airlines and Northrop
Grumman this has led to criticism of the
potential of regulatory capture and
excessive industry influence seriously
your AI Safety and Security Board is
basically just made out of companies
that from AI so the the US homeland
security has created a new artificial
intelligence Safety and Security Board
also known as a a pre-planned lobbying
meeting that happens once a quarter so
they can make ridiculous amounts of
money also I love that uh they have Sam
Alman and saan Nella in the same meeting
as if they're representing like two very
distinctly different companies when it's
like yeah sure uh there are other
members mostly civil rights experts
academics and politicians though there's
the odd inclusion of Vicki Hub president
and CEO of accidental petroleum an
energy company that is interested in
incorporating AI just interested our
discussion question is what is a good
amount of Industry involvement to have
in these kinds of oversight
recommendation bodies I mean obviously
you have to have some because otherwise
you watch the average politician try to
talk about cuttingedge technology and
you just you just about die right like
it's what would you think about a
rotating
seat yeah I could see that being kind of
interesting cuz I I could see being
frustrated like if you're not one of the
companies that gets selected but you're
like trying to fight against some of
these companies and then hearing
different hearing different corporate
voices from time to time means with how
little these guys are aligned with each
other on there's there's certainly the
opportunity to learn about their
businesses without being unduly
influenced by their businesses but this
this seems
hilarious like just laughably
one-sided um and good luck with that all
right time for some merge messages yeah
sure we got a few here for
you oh this should be a good one to
start out after dark hello w. dll last
night my fiance almost puked her stomach
out what was the situation where you
were most worried about someone I'm
waiting for my backpack to be shipped
which very un I'll get child birth yeah
that makes sense um I was I was deeply
worried yvon's first labor was over 24
hours
um and it was it was it was a gruelling
ordeal neither of us slept
um and uh our first child was in the
99th percentile for head
circumference have you ever seen
Ivonne I mean I was unfortunate I was on
the yard podcast and I described is good
breeding stock
um but that doesn't necessarily mean
that she has 99th percentile head
circumference hips hips yeah yeah um so
so that was why that was uh that was why
she ended up with the
old uh on the first one thankfully she
was able to to safely when do you make
this maybe too personal I don't know
when do you make that call like because
he 24 hours uh the baby's heartbeat uh
started to uh drop or the blood pressure
or maybe it goes up I forget what it is
but basically Happ some measurable
metric baby was in distress and they
hued her on a
gurnie um and this is actually how she
lost most of her jewelry uh because we
put it all in a bed because you're not
supposed to wear jewelry during an
operation they couldn't get her
engagement ring off her finger because
it was so swollen uh so fortunately we
didn't lose that but everything else I
put into a bag and I left in the room
and it was gone by the time we came back
from the O which was really unfortunate
she had some really nice earrings and a
necklace and stuff that's frustrating
yeah I mean it's fine you know what if
she needs a new necklace H shout out
I'll get you necklace this weekend just
let me know like things went okay for us
in life so it's fine but um no there was
a really nice pair of Tanzanite earrings
that she had that were quite sentimental
cuz they were like the first earrings
I'd ever bought her and stuff like that
so that really sucks but you know other
than that it was mostly just just the
the the Panic of like okay it's go time
go now uh we need to go do this so do
you like pre-approve that like if
something goes wrong we will do this
thing that wasn't an option okay because
just letting her die and letting the
baby letting the baby die it could have
impacted either of them got it having a
having a you know risk of this being
very graphic having a a deceased infant
child inside you is like not good for
Mom either bad yeah yeah so like the
whole thing the whole thing was was was
very stressful and then our son was
actually the Intensive Care Unit for
almost the first week um cuz he wasn't
eating like the the birthing process had
been extremely exhausting for him as
well um yeah that that first that that
birthing process and that first week was
like was this a good
call it was pretty
stressful yeah sheesh yeah it was tough
um I forget what the rest of the
question was but worried about someone
you've been he's ordered a backpack what
variant is he going to get uh if we're
out of stock then you'll get the new
ones coming in stock which are the final
uncore final V2 variant um otherwise
you're getting what you're getting and
then it'll have a virtual warranty for
the second layer and we will definitely
get you the upgraded carabiners once
they are in stock and once they've
shipped out to everyone who has already
ordered So speaking of dead kids what
advice do you have in keeping kids safe
online I mean you just you got to talk
to them that's the that's the only
choice that's what everyone says and
that's the truth if you're looking for
another answer I'm afraid you're not
going to find it here
bucko hey dll picked up a windbreaker
which I love and have a couple questions
about it what are the small Pockets
inside the main pockets for and why are
they different sizes the show for all
the sex you'll be
having what they're wearing LTT store
merch I don't know I jokingly refer to
uh like some of our little pockets as
condom Pockets cuz realistically they're
not really useful we just really like
putting pockets on things we think
they're cool use it for an air tag you
use it for like an airpod little holder
thing there's definitely stuff you can
use it for yep some people put cards in
them small battery Bank
yep oh Hoy d i noticed one of your
recent videos had a generic voiceover
correction and I was wondering what are
your thoughts on using synthesis
AI voiceovers for scenarios like this
it's super
convenient like when I'm
traveling and I'm not around to shoot a
pickup if they can just change a word
with
AI That's sick it's pretty sweet like
realistically no job is getting replaced
right like the job of you know holding a
holding a laptop running audacity or a
little recorder thing in a mic under me
is replaced by the job of you know
entering the text in order to make that
edit like like nothing's being replaced
we're just doing it differently in a way
that doesn't require me to come to set
uh which is great love it you'll see
more of
it or wait you mean the generic one oh
yeah I'm not as big of a fan of like Tik
Tok voice style ones um but I think that
the team likes to do it when they think
it's funny and that's just like a kind
of humor I don't really get but I you
know what I I don't like to stand in the
way of just like silly little creative
decision like that on the weekend we
went up to The Stave Lake power plant
thing the you can do the tour pretty
cool actually but um afterwards I was
dragged into an antique shop and the
person working at the antique shop was
listening
to a fully as far as I can tell fully AI
generated biography on someone and I
could tell the voice I could hear it so
I could tell the the second I heard the
voice I was like oh that's like one of
those generic AI voice things and I told
everyone that was with me um and I kept
listening to it kept listening to it
determined that it was probably an AI
script as well due to the how it was
worded and stuff weird and then uh Emma
was talking to the the person and
partway through the conversation they
mentioned like yeah I'm watching this
biography thing I think it might be fake
but I'm not
sure like man we're so screwed by the
way cin in float plane chat says why
does everyone keep trying to pretend
jobs aren't being replaced seems silly
to pretend it's it's not going to happen
he's not doing that that never happened
context matters for crying out loud why
are you trying to pretend that he said
that I'm talking about a very specific
thing when we are making an edit to our
video with our team doing the work on
our product like it's um that is not a
case where AI is is is taking our jobs
but that doesn't mean that I'm saying
that that isn't going to happen
absolutely it's going to happen it's
happening now it's already happened and
it will continue
for live laugh and Dove if you could
have uh if you could eliminate all of
One Cuisine from each other's diet which
one would the fight for the most oh I
mean Luke would not allow me to cut
chicken out of his diet I might as well
tell him to just cut off his own head
what would I do I don't know probably
die well you'd waste away first and then
die if my diet had to stay exactly the
same like if I didn't get to change
anything and you were B to remove
chicken I might actually just eventually
yeah
budgies and when we talked about that
earlier he said chicken not poultry he
said Cuisine
Den we can we can stop talking about
eating budgies now wow
um sorry okay so if you if you could if
you could had to okay which one would I
fight for the most to eliminate what's
your favorite color of weles no you got
to you have to you have to eliminate uh
a cuisine from my diet what would I
fight for the most what you fight for
the most Cuisine is an interesting word
for the thing that I'm thinking of but
here hold on I'm I'm going to write down
my answer let's see if you can get it
would chicken even be considered a
Cuisine oh for Luke it's a
Cuisine I mean Frank's redot would be
the most of let's see if you can get it
what's the thing I would fight for
most man the answer is going to be so
obvious once you get it that you're
either going to get it and you're going
to nail it and you're going to be like
yeah I know or or you're going to not
get it and you're going to be like I'm a
idiot so those are the only two options
I'm
afraid I wonder if you know this though
yeah I don't feel like I'm that
confident in
this cuz there's quite a few things that
he's fairly passionate about in regards
to food actually and they're quite
different
Cuisine how are we defining Cuisine
Loosely okay yeah I'm not worrying about
it
yeah I don't know I feel like I'm wrong
but I just default to cereal the first
thing I thought of was
cereal yeah okay okay yeah because the
other Contender that I had was pickles
but I was like I feel like it's not on
the same level yeah no it's high I like
pickles but I'll I'll go six months
without eating a pickle exact and I've
seen that happen if I go a week without
eating cereal the first thing I do when
I walk in the door at home like
sometimes I don't even say hi to all of
my family
members I will go and eat a bowl of
Honey Nut Cheerios or like Honey Nut
shcks or whatever whatever I'm into that
at that point like um I I like um I was
less confident until yous I was less
confident until you said that we were
Loosely defining it as uh Loosely
defining Cuisine cuz I was like is he
talking about Burgers maybe like his own
Burgers yeah like some of that oatmeal
crisp like wild berry but I'll throw in
like extra cranberries tell it's not
Burgers cuz he completely ignored that
and just kept talking but Ser you know
what I was I was going to write down
would also accept Burgers cuz like all
right so sort of sort of got
it but I think the burgers is half of it
the act of making
them yeah yeah yeah I mean I don't know
what I would I don't know what I would
like serve guests cuz yeah I don't
personally like chicken wings that much
or like like drumsticks and stuff but
like that's such a barbecue staple so if
I couldn't throw burgers on the grill
man what would I even like like hot dogs
really like it's fine for some people
not Everyone likes Hot dogss whereas
like if you have hot dogs and hamburgers
and you offer a veggie version of both
pretty much everyone is going to eat
nobody's going to be like no I'm a leave
hungry yeah
yeah yeah I have no idea for Dan as far
as I can tell that Dan will happily just
literally eat nothing so
I shut up shut your
mouth so it's like what what do you what
do you what do you threaten him to take
away it's not food Dan that's not
cuisine is my
breakfast oh almost got
Luke there's no water in here that's why
no I forgot to give you water my one
chance no got him H Souls
hey hey D uh first off great name Dan
thanks Dan uh Second Great question for
lonus I'm moving apartment soon and will
be repainting it that's not really a
question what advice do you have for
that satin or egg shell how do I prep
the walls oh all right well um the
product that people use for prepping the
walls I think it's called tsp for a wall
prep um yeah there you go to clean walls
with TSP blah blah blah bucket of warm
water um it's better than using bleach
because there are certain kinds of I
think it's mildew that will actually eat
uh compounds in Bleach so you can
actually end up like having more mildew
with that said if you have if you have
mildew on your interior walls that's
probably um probably got other issues
and you're talking I think I think
you're talking about interior walls so
the first thing you want to do is just W
wipe down the Walls um lightly lightly
soapy water will work to wipe them down
just whatever you do do not leave a soap
film on them you got to make sure that
you get that off and then um after that
I would say you know figure out what
kind of paint's on there if it's a
really old house it might have oilbased
paint which means that you'll have to
pick a special product that is designed
to go over top of oilbased paint almost
nobody paints with oil inside the house
anymore and certain latex products will
just peel right off of an oil paint like
they won't to hear at all so make sure
that you figure out what's on there you
can use a little bit of acetone on a rag
if it comes off it's latex based if it
doesn't come off then it's oil based you
got to watch out for that just let the
paint store know and then beyond that I
mean satin versus eggshell is just a
finish right so you got to decide on a
product um I would just I would say
avoid avoid cheap paint get a good
quality paint one that has good coverage
and buy less of it cuz you'll find that
a lot of the time the cheaper product is
just going to cover worse and you're
going to end up doing another coat of it
anyway oh um I like eggshell finish for
walls I like semi gloss for trim very
very traditional very very classic I
mean people obviously do other things if
I was painting a bathroom or a kitchen I
would consider a glossier coating even
for the walls just to make it more
scrubbable but basically you can either
have
uh there's different kinds of um
additives you can only suspend so much
in the paint suspension um so you can
add uh coloring pigments you can add
blocking pigments which will which will
cover up what's underneath which will
help them to to cover better uh you can
add um resin there's only so much you
can suspend in it and so when you have
these different finishes uh the more uh
the more resin you have in it uh one of
the nice things about it is is the the
more durable it is resin's really good
for hardening it but it makes it more
glossy and the glossier it is the more
it shows imperfection so that's why
eggshell which is not a color it is the
texture of an egg shell um and it has
like a little bit of Sheen to it but
it's mostly flat that's why it's a
really nice Middle Ground between being
durable enough to scrub with a with a
washcloth but also um matte enough that
it hides imperfections well you would
believe how not flat your drywall is
it's not flat I promise you it looks
like no matter who your contractors
are and no matter how fresh the job was
it looks like it's terrible and and
that's that's not their fault she rocks
really hard to deal with and getting it
extremely flat is I I forget what CU I I
had um talked to our contractors about
how we have these scones in our theater
room and they shine down and you can
really see the like bulges in the walls
you can see where the mud is um between
the drywall sheets because because of
just the angle of the light I'm like hey
so this wall isn't very flat and they're
like
yeah I'm like right but it's not very
flat and they're like yeah but if you
want it flat that's called I think it's
called like a level four finish or
something like that and they're
basically like yeah it takes like 10
times as long or something like that you
want to pay for it I'm like Noah like
okay then uh then I think we've uh then
I think we've reached a conclusion here
yeah um so so that's that's what
eggshell is for is it'll help hide those
imperfections um I use high gloss for
anything you're going to touch so like a
banister or railing anything like that
you should be using a high gloss paint
he didn't say it was particularly
durable he said it was a happy medium
yeah guys it's durable enough why what
is the point of saying I said a thing I
didn't say man stop it the number of
times man I read on the internet a thing
that I said that I completely fing never
said at all it it's actually kind of
incredible I say so much stuff it's so
easy to nail me on stuff I've
said why go for the stuff I didn't say
what's the
point oh man it's pretty funny anyway um
have fun you know it's fun project put
down drop sheets there is no such thing
as a job that's so small you shouldn't
bother to put down a drop
sheet hi Dan's hands and lonus and
Luke's voice if you were given the
ability to advance one piece of
technology or breakthrough what would
you progress for example Battery
Technology hydrogen fuel
the two examples that they gave were
fantastic yeah that's like honestly I
would have taken batteries um yeah fine
I'm going to go with screens then I
would make them so much more power
efficient that I don't need as much
battery hey I turned it around it's
basically batteries now got him I was
going to go with a more kind of broader
Tech and
just uh mixed reality glass that look
like normal glasses that actually look
like normal glasses you know it's funny
that's the product that I had in mind
when I said screens there you go nice on
the same wavelength heck yeah computer
brain interfaces hey lldd XE OTR trucker
here uh just got my tax write off
t-shirt it's officially a work shirt for
a write-off if you had to live out of a
semi-truck what tech would you take with
you loving the Ally dang it but they
took my answer again I would
gosh darn it I mean I would definitely
take like whatever the ball or starlink
is if I can get away with it like having
actually good internet on the road would
be pretty big deal a huge deal for me
the Ally is sick yeah
um how much how much P
like I guess you're usually when you're
stopped you're going to be stopped at a
stop like a truck stop or a destination
of some kind yes and no like sometimes
you're just on the side of the road in
the pull over how much power do you have
when you're stopped there I mean that's
a good question I've never driven a big
rig professionally believe it or not
yeah I don't know paint housee
yes Big R Drive no yeah not so much I'm
most of the people that I've talked to
that do this type of stuff have battery
powered things which makes me think that
you're charging them at a truck stop or
something and then potentially using
them when you're not there so you
probably don't have a ton of power
available
um unless you're running your truck
which you probably don't want to just
waste all that fuel um probably not yeah
probably not um I could see electric
trucks being kind of cool for that
actually the Allies is probably kind of
killing it right
there wow Cop Out answer well I'm I'm
thinking cuz like you i' I've seen
people have like PlayStations and TVs in
their rigs when they when they have like
the bed set up you know they have those
ones not all of them have those but when
when you have like the bed set up you've
seen like at the foot of the bed there's
a TV and they have a PlayStation there
and that's pretty cool I've seen that a
few different times one thing that I've
always kind of wondered about is why you
don't see like some crazy maybe I just
haven't seen it but like a PC Gamer guy
who has his truck set up but there's a
computer the power draw is pretty high I
think you just wouldn't see it cuz I
know I definitely know of some that have
nazes in their trucks for example to
carry media around okay that's kind of
sick like I would definitely have a in
my truck that's pretty cool especially
if I didn't have my starlink if I have
starlink I don't need it as much but if
I didn't that's my backup is I would
have like a sick NZ with a whole bunch
of media okay the sleeper trucks have a
small diesel generator on them providing
1500 watts usually
interesting
interesting I feel like yeah I am still
coping out but I feel like the Ally is
just kind of a sick option cop it is
sorry Itor hey we've got updates for
smash
Champs what's that
what's
that look at that a sneak peek at our
concession and seating area wow so this
will be the concession and then it looks
like a normal kitchen look all right we
didn't reinvent kitchens I'm
sorry didn't even innovate this will be
a small seating
area what else we got oh we got more
stuff what's this is this the viewing
area this is the retail store oh no
downstairs yeah so there's our slat
walls so we're going to put what's the
yellow thing products on there that is a
light for the construction oh okay
yep nice nice all the audio stuff came
in this week Stringer our stringing
machine you just have one we got two
nice are you still going to string your
own rackets
no man I'm I'm going to use my owner
privilege so
hard can be like hey guys do you mind
taking care of one of these rackets for
me and then I'll pay is that going to
affect the the manager numbers shouldn't
I'll pay it's fine nice but I like might
expect it to be done pretty quickly what
should you probably shouldn't pay they
should just track how many times you do
it because then you're just giving
you're just it's just more taxes for no
reason that's true actually but
technically I'm supposed to pay those
taxes that is definitely a personal
badminton racket
never
mind of course you should pay very
good not Financial advice this
guy yes more yes luck I see you're going
to be attending op sauce this year are
there any specific open source programs
or platforms that you're hyped to see
being
developed
uh so many of them FFM Peg it's it's
like so underrated it it it runs
like so many things and you don't hear
people really talk about it very often
you just hear people talk about like I
mean we talk about float plane and maybe
I don't mention it enough so I'm trying
to give it credit right now uh but FFM
Peg is
like incredibly amazing
um and our our internet offerings would
be a lot worse without it I'll say that
much um so there I'll say that one I'm
always excited when they keep pushing
things
forward so I'm guessing I fell for your
cunning plan when I submitted that dead
pixel bug report what are your favorite
examples of Easter eggs like this on
websites I always loved the little
dinosaur Jump game that you could play
when uh a page didn't load in Chrome I
that was probably my personal favorite
pass isn't it still a thing maybe I
think somebody made a multiplayer
version of it I can't remember if that
was a thing maybe I'm
crazy play Chrome dino game press space
to
play yeah there you
go Chrome dyo multiplayer look at that
no
way this feels too easy I guess harder
right didn't somebody make a hot dog to
play it
yeah yeah somebody like mechanically
automated a basically a cheat for the
game game and then I think he got a job
seriously yeah I think they hired him
that's
amazing man I think it was just a sensor
on the screen that when it detected the
like darker color yeah but you got to
you got to jump you got to crouch you
got to uh gets faster can you crouch is
yeah you got to duck under things uh I
can't look at my arrow keys right now
this just say down arrow uh I can't see
them I didn't know you had to are you
sure you have to crouch I don't think
you can Crouch Dan mhm are you messing
with me what is happening right now okay
[Music]
dark dude he's gaming right now so
sweaty did you guys know this is the guy
that beat lwig shut
up a
dick someone should challenge them to
this Dino Jump
game I wonder what the high score is for
this whatever it is it's embarrassing
well I think they've made the the the
bot that just does it right so like are
you going to beat the bot I I don't
think there's crouching Dan I think
you're wrong I'm not well how do you
crouch why would you crouch maybe they
changed it there hasn't been a
single cuz it has dark mode now gas all
of us gas lighting is not
real if it was it wasn't my fault there
was there was crunching I'm not
cing I swear it's down arrow did they
remove that because it's it switches
between light and dark and there was
definitely crouching I don't remember it
switching between light and dark mode
and I'm pretty sure I played it for
longer than that before and it seems to
do it on a pretty regular basis okay
this needs to actually just kill me at
some point here and I you're too
good I know there was
crouching okay uh where are we what are
we doing well if you beat that score
then you're a better gamer than lwig I
guess yep 100% that's how it works I
think y if I beat lwig and you beat me
then you beat lwig by definition bigger
fish right that's how it works hey hey
Luke I'm a self-taught software engineer
who started my professional career about
a year ago what are your thoughts on
companies that crunch to meet deadlines
and how does float plane compare I mean
we've done it um it's extremely uncommon
like extremely I don't remember the last
time we've done it and when we do it
it's
generally not me
driven if that makes sense um I I
recognized a long time ago that that I
actually enjoy those activities cuz I
don't know my brain's broken or
something um but that generally that is
significantly frowned upon so I have
taken on a a stance of like if other
people are just doing it by default I
will
generally you know join in and not stop
them but I try not to impose it because
I think that's bad I think we're also
fairly blessed to be in an industry
where we mostly set our own deadlines
for things um I think you run into some
problems in things like the gaming
industry when you're announcing the
launch of a game and then say you
discover issues with the game ahead of
the launch and you're like oh my
goodness we need to fix all this stuff
or whatever uh so you announce the
launch of a game and then you do a play
test and it's horrible so you're trying
to improve it for whatever reason then
you're crunching because of that like
there's there's a lot of Industries
where crunch is more real
for for
more real reasons if that makes sense
maybe your piece of software has to
match up with a piece of hardware and uh
your driver team GPU compan you need to
be ready on time for the launch or
whatever like there's there's there's
situations where it can maybe make sense
as as annoying and frustrating as it is
it can maybe make sense I don't think it
often makes sense with float plane um I
can appeal to you guys and I've done it
where we I'm I'm saying we're going to
work on something and then we end up
working on something else or or we we
make some change uh and then I just like
you know apologize to you guys on wano
explain why we made the change what
we're pivoting to what you guys can get
instead Etc and then people are usually
actually pretty cool with it and I
appreciate that and that saves our
developers from crunch um not entirely
yeah it helps though sometimes they
crunch even when you tell them not to
explicitly which that can actually
frustrating be a genuine very large
problem cuz people will burn out from
that and I'm like well hold
on I'm telling you not to keep working
it's not this is not reverse psychology
actually don't do that yeah like don't
work on the weekend take your weekend
off it's actually better for all of us
like just just don't my favorite line we
we had an employee at one point that was
very problematic that way and my
favorite line with them was always just
like you're no good to me dead yeah
um like I don't know how to be more
explicit than just don't yeah yeah it's
um and it's frustrating cuz I think
there's some like human spirit in the
the desire to
like push really hard to help the team
and stuff like that like I get it I
understand it's it's driven by positive
things yeah but it can but I need you to
be here on Monday and functional and
happy yeah I don't want to it's it's
like I don't want to I don't it's not
constructive for anyone if you're like
like cranky and burnt out yeah or if you
like Miss things in your personal life
because you're pushing for it and then
those people are complaining at you and
then therefore you're upset and all this
kind of stuff in that resentment makes
it back to work it's like but I didn't
ask you to do that yeah so so we're a
little bit privileged to be in a
situation where we're not running into
situations too often where it's like
super super required y
uh other other Industries are not as
privileged and I think sometimes s those
Industries will recognize that they're
in that state and then abuse it yeah
because people getting into that
industry will understand that that will
happen but they don't necessarily
understand how much will happen because
the company leans on it intentionally
and that's really bad but it's also not
always true I don't know it's
just okay what's next hey dlll with MSI
dropping AMD GP sorry yeah with MSI
dropping AMG gpus is MSI trying to wound
Nvidia the focus on a I will Nvidia need
a brand partner with no ties to AMD gpus
to handle products with lesser margins
uh if anything uh Nvidia tends to reward
their most loyal servants with the
products that have the higher margins
that higher margin has turned into more
and more of a pittance over the years to
the point where evj ultimately walked
away from the business but um as for why
MSI seems to be quietly dropping AMD
gpus yeah I'd say it's a strategic move
I mean it's not like MSI is giving up
their partnership with AMD overall
they're clearly still developing
motherboards for AMD ryzen platforms but
um it's been very clear for some time
that AMD is just not competitive on the
GPU side of things and it doesn't look
like there's any obvious light at the
end of that tunnel so strategically if I
was MSI seeing the longtime partnership
with Nvidia and kind of going okay if
someone's going to Blink and walk away
from the Radeon partnership why
shouldn't it just be us like why are we
why are we sabotaging the 85 90% of the
business that we're doing on our discret
cards with Nvidia over this like handful
of stupid radon gpus that realistically
some of them were probably spending more
developing than we actually making back
in the margins on these things it's not
like there's a ton of money in selling
radio on cards
either I think if I was XFX I'd be
kicking myself pretty hard at this point
because they'd be the last game in town
they were EX exclusive Nvidia till they
went exclusive
AMD yep you talked about the LTT wallet
about a year ago on W show any updates
still in development
dead hey dll what is Labs policy on AI
scraping if it's not allowed have you
heard about tools like Nightshade or
have you considered an AI chatbot of
your own good old can't beat him join
him I'm not familiar with Nightshade
specific specifically we T cool um I
forget which one that is we're not doing
a lot of that stuff yet we it's very
possible we will do like poisoning tools
at some point um there's also some
groups that are trying to develop like
you know like a robots.txt oh that night
shade yeah okay uh there there's groups
that are trying to come up with like a
effective equivalent for scrapers that
tells them that it's not wanted um so if
that happens we'll probably do that I I
don't know it's it's a that we need to
solve eventually but right now we're
more focused on getting our processes
down uh getting our article uh
publication schedule down and the get
making sure the quality is really tight
uh we have a our first keyboard article
up on the site right now just G to show
yeah yeah so we have the Apex 3 up
including Force graphs for different
Keys you can select any key you want how
cool is
that it's my screen right now pretty
neat oh here dang it oh we both clicked
ours at exactly the same time I was
doing a whole thing I realized you were
you were talking yeah so you can select
different keys and you can see the force
that we measured on those different Keys
cuz remember the key cap itself has a
different weight to it so even if you
use exactly the same key switch uh you
won't necessarily have exactly exactly
the same experience we've got some we've
got some cute little video here why is
this not on float plane I don't know
we'll figure it out later showing
latency
testing got our average wired latency
yeah good stuff right it's going to take
time it's going to take be clear to the
dev team that is the correct way to do
it right now don't worry about it yes do
not crunch yourself into a a freely
accessible float plane player the the
architecture of float plane is not
designed for free video distribution is
designed to be authenticated uh so we
would have to actually do a significant
amount of work is my understanding in
order to make a free player that we can
use our float plane CMS to upload to be
kind of annoying we'll see and if you
there's there's just so many other
things we can work on and YouTube is
just so free it's right there it's right
there and it's free yeah I get it I get
it
yeah hi L LD lonus and Lou what was one
of your most impactful celebrity or
person of clout encounters that You'
have had who was it and how did meeting
this person either changed and then it's
cut off guess changed
you changed your outlook on life it
definitely didn't really change my
outlook on life but I like this story um
do you remember when you had that talk
with markiplier like a billion years ago
and you talking about like hosting and
stuff this is this would have been like
s years ago or something I did not know
that I met Markiplier I don't think I
don't know if you met him or not I know
you talked to him really yeah cool you
talked to him about hosting and you
talked to him about my hosting blah blah
blah blah blah so I knew he knew who we
were anyways that's the only part of the
context that wow I totally forgot about
that yeah he's kind of a big deal we my
my friends and I were going to pax's
Prime and we stopped in at Starbucks cuz
a bunch of my friends want coffee I
don't drink coffee whatever but I
noticed that he's standing there off on
the side and no one's noticed him yet
the reason why I know no one's noticed
yet is cuz the entire restaurant wasn't
hoarding him because he's kind of a big
deal little bit and I saw him standing
over there and he was like mostly kind
of keeping his head down and I think
with intention cuz it's pretty early in
the morning he just wants some freaking
coffee yeah I don't blame him um and I
saw him and we kind of locked eyes and I
just head nodded and he head nodded and
we went back to ignoring each other and
I was like
cool that's pretty awesome yeah I was
like that's I'm happy that this didn't
turn into like a thing I'm happy I was
able to
not bother him in that moment and it was
just like I don't know it was pretty
cool yeah that's about it I don't think
like I don't think I've been hugely
impacted by a meeting a celebrity of any
kind
um trying to remember I'm trying to
remember what his name
is
um man the the star bomb guy someone
help me out here Star Bomb guy yeah ego
Raptor that's right oh yeah yeah I've
told the story before but I I met him at
an event and I didn't realize who he was
he like was talking to me about maybe we
could like use his like live production
company services at some point if we
ever wanted to do like a tour or
something I I I was like networking and
stuff and he seemed cool and everything
but I didn't realize who he was until I
like looked up his name in the
elevator and uh I had to like go find
him later in the event I was like yo I
had no idea who you were I like
grew up watching your cartoons and
stuff add respect see you
later that's pretty cool that's actually
pretty
cool yeah I mean that's the thing right
about an animators right like it's and
he does so many different voices it's
not like you would just know from his
voice unless you unless you know is he
like or a game grumps Watcher or
something yeah which I wasn't yeah cuz I
I believe he did the animated stuff for
a long time before he started showing up
on yeah like I watch this stuff on like
new grounds right like
exactly First Merch message glad to be
here simple question when car focused
Channel I love Tech and I love cars and
I want to make me a tech and car YouTube
channel sandwich then watch every car
video that we upload to the other
channels and the more we can make the
pitch for financial viability the more
we will be able to make
that dedicated Channel or channels in
the future it's a super crowded space
though guys it's not like we can just
walk in and immediately have a reason
for being um I definitely have a lot of
thoughts but you know reviewing products
is uh ton of work and I think right now
our main focus is on just making sure
that our that our Tech videos are solid
um cars will come when they
come hi Luke I am studying data
analytics and in the process of building
a website that utilized a database to
budget my money and save receipts how
did you decide what to use for float
plane and then designing it Linus Le
development let's go I want an Excel
database Luke how do you decide what to
use for Flo plane no no no none of that
was lineus slide development he had no
idea at
all hey hey hey hey hey hey we wouldn't
use cloud flare today if it wasn't for
me I forced him to call them I think we
would be using them today okay today we
probably would but it would have taken a
lot longer it would have taken a while
longer he was so stubbornly like
determined he was determined that they
were not going to work for dos
protection for our site I mean stuff
still got through I was still a little
bit right but I wasn't right enough you
were not nearly right
enough um why are you making a website
for this um in the process of building
website that utilized nothing is allowed
to be for fun um I'm in the
process
thatti I hope you don't actually hold
that conviction are we we're not allowed
to talk anymore no no no no if if it's
just for fun that's cool if if you want
something I I would honestly really
suggest that's why we monetize our
hanging
out all my all my hobbies are monetized
as well I'm no I'm no better yeah so
what are you what are you talking about
um I I think you'd be better off just
doing fancy Google Sheets um and like
learning how to do fancy things with
Google Sheets because I think a lot of
people don't realize at all how powerful
it is with its ability to link to other
sheets and things um there's also looker
studio now which they renamed Big Data
studio and you can use Big Data Studio
no it used to be now it's looker Studio
which is Google is a different thing
than they killed the other one no it's
just a dumb name it is a dumb name tell
us how you feel so stupid and that can
have uh Google sheet data bases yeah
Excel is better except Excel isn't
remotely accessible okay guy what about
Office 365 got him it's bad the web
version is
bad all
right uh okay so the decisions let me
let me get to the root of this how do
you decide what to use for flow plane uh
and then designing it we I mean I tried
to make some decisions with Jake uh and
we wrote down our pretty bad decisions
and then AJ then AJ was was like hold on
yeah and then we went with what AJ said
for the most part and then I fun fact he
still works for float plane yeah it's
great that AJ um I had the team at the
time religiously read the Netflix blog M
I would I would post it in our slack
every time they posted a new article I
like how you refer to it as the team
yeah it's like you and AJ and some
volunteers yeah heck yeah there was
volunteers back then that's true more
people um but yeah we we would read the
Netflix blog and we we got a lot of our
CU
my info on it was like a lot of these
websites are not sharing information on
how they're making their video websites
it was very closed back then very very
closed and then there's Netflix just
being like hey here's how we do
basically everything and I was like okay
well this isn't exactly what we're
trying to build but it's pretty close so
let's take some ideas from these you
know people that are clearly doing a
great job of this and try to mirror a
lot of what they're doing and it worked
quite well for us for a while and now
we've of pivoted onto our own things now
that we have a lot of experience in the
space um but yeah we we learned from
another player in the space that has
been doing really well if you're doing
it for fun do that if you're not doing
it for fun seriously consider something
like Google Sheets instead of making a
website for
this yeah okay here's a here's a good
one Hey dlll nearly a year has passed
since Taran took over as CEO what are
some challenges and positive
developments observed since lonus step
down basically a year
review I mean it's easier for you guys
to answer this one have you noticed
anything positive or things just
generally
[Music]
worse uh we feel more like a real
company you can take that however you
want um oh I'll take it oh my oh my
um I think what are some of the
challenges I don't think there's been a
ton of challenges particularly
pertaining to that to be
clear um I think Taran has
a I don't know
what it's like a completely different
food but it tastes the
same so it's cereal but it isn't but it
like you eat like a cereal flavored
candy bar and you're like wait so it's a
cereal bar yeah
[Laughter]
um I don't know it's like it's it's very
similar but it's not the same like Daran
has a different approach to
things and a different style but they're
clearly highly related overall The
Guiding star is the same I mean it's not
like I would have brought in someone
who's just going to completely mess up
myy I don't I don't think there's a lot
of like new challenges because of that
if that makes sense I mean we're
definitely we're definitely doing some
stuff differently like our entire
leadership team which is about a almost
A fifth or a quarter of the company some
somewhere in there uh is doing like
executive leadership training right now
I think that's a positive development
not a challenge oh you trying to think
of a challenge
yeah I mean he's remote still like half
the time I consider that a challenge but
I guess for most people it probably
doesn't make much of a difference no
because you you were too spread thin
anyway so you weren't there anyways yeah
that's fair so like yeah what difference
does it make all right fair enough if
anything there's probably more time
being spent because when he is here half
the time that he's here that's more time
so I don't know someone asked for more
French terry hoodies and someone else
sniped me on the reply I said
k sorry I think I just showed that one
um okay last one I've got for you here
lonus I just purchased an S2 delmare for
my daily commute I have no idea what
that is I will go look it up while you
continue to read what is your favorite
bike gear accessories safety equipment
or Tech likely will order a Break Free
it looks cool I mean yeah it looks sick
the S2
gilar uh I don't know it doesn't really
oh yeah it kind of looks like it yeah I
think it's electric far ranging fast
charging absolutely that makes me think
Electric City range 181 kilometers LEL
two charge in 78 minutes that's
pretty she goes Dang Dang Dang yeah she
goes um Zoom stunts performed by
professionals good Lord voh
okay I'm doing the
audio
hi any who yeah that looks super cool I
got to confess I um I test drove an
electric bike a while back and it just
didn't sing to me so I ended up dumping
a bunch of money into my
sv650s it's an old 2003 but um I I'm
really looking forward to having it back
on the road as for my favorite gear
honestly I just have like kind of
pedestrian stuff I don't really
uh I just I just like riding my bike you
have a lot of the same stuff to yeah I
haven't I haven't I don't replace things
unless I absolutely have to like I buy a
new helmet every you know five or six
years like you're supposed to yeah I'm
going to I'm going to paint my new one
to match my bike yeah I don't probably
all the same stuff right I'm assuming
it's something from someone has some
armor in
it it I got the one that
fits you
know nice I don't know man I'm just I'm
not much of a it's funny cuz I'll say
stuff like I'm you know I'm not that
much into the Aesthetics of things I
just I'm I don't care about the brand
I'm just buying functionality like I say
stuff like that and then I am spending I
kid you not like thousands of dollars
painting my bike but that's not a it's
not a about the end result like if I was
buying a bike on Craigslist I would just
get whatever one I don't care what color
it is it's more about the project of
doing it um so I don't I don't know how
to address this I I have some wired
headphones that I that I installed into
my helmet nice and then I run them like
down to a to a thing so so they don't go
in my ear so I can hear everything
around me but I got like speakers like
they're they're like the the the the
drivers out of a pair of headphones and
they just kind of like sit in the little
ear things inside my
helmet like you're probably expecting me
to talk about like my sick you know
heads up display Helmet or whatever no
man I just wear whatever
fits sorry I'm I'm
so oh man yeah I'm I'm basic can you get
like a gole Maps HUD on probably yeah I
think there's some pretty cool helmets
but like man you could have replaced
that every years buy a visor that
has you have to buy the whole helmet I
don't know maybe but like helmets are
already expensive for like yeah mine's
good it's good like and to be clear I'm
not buying low quality stuff like I have
a showy helmet which is not a word to
describe it it's a brand yeah
um man I don't know apparently none of
the HUD helmets are good yet like that's
the thing right is I I tend to I tend to
wait for other people to buy garbage and
then I'll buy like a good one when it
doesn't suck yeah fair enough all right
I think that's it
do we have any machinists on staff we
definitely have some
part-time uh machinists I think ours is
total four axis Dan would you know uh
machinist or our machine what do you
mean yeah our our torok how many axes
does it uh yeah we have an A axis so
it's four axis sorry did you said eight
and then you said four a AIS yeah that's
the r one right yes that would be the
fourth axis yeah okay okay okay uh so
that's what we have and we definitely
have some folks that are more than
capable of using it like andan I got to
learn how to do conversational on it it
was terrifying but they are not
full-time machinists you will see some
really cool um you you will see some
really cool discussion from them about
how it works though in an upcoming video
where we made a giant version of the
screwdriver in
house that's kind of cool actually yeah
it feels like something you'd see at
like Science World it'll be for a stream
so I have to build a computer with it
apparently I I have only gotten to see a
picture of it so far I'm pretty excited
it looks hilarious like it's thicker
around than this nice for the handle
I'll get it done yeah yeah like it's
like the guy that she tells you not to
worry about version of the screwdriver
not a bad screwdriver
yeah all right uh someone asks if there
will be super checks after party
honestly I played Super checks at Lounge
night with someone the other night I
can't I got to go do medicine for the
birds oh I mean that's fine I was going
to say um losing it a little bit no dang
no it was boring oh it's not actually
like fun to play against people right
now um and you're still fun good but hey
last time was pretty close you
definitely beat me but it was pretty
close yeah but like I'm I'm kind of
tired of winning every time you should
have not done the tape review yeah maybe
not but I want I wanted to be good you
were
good I wanted to get good though hey we
never talked about the rabbit r won we
kind of missed we kind of missed a it
kind of sucks and we should have had a
launch video on it uh I don't think we
had it yet oh yeah we got it though I
did a short circuit well it kind of
sucks no we don't have to do the whole
topic but I will say watch the short
circuit video because no matter how bad
you think the R1 is um it managed to be
worse in the short circuit video oh boy
I I I love teenage engineering stuff I
don't think I'll ever buy anything they
ever make because it's all way too
expensive but I really like their design
work and it seems to be of dubious
utility yeah generally speaking I don't
really understand what that company does
or why it exists some of their stuff
just looks really cool though I wish
more things looked like that yeah but I
don't buy stuff for looking cool exact I
don't never buy any of it but it looks
sweet um yeah people have this like
weird relationship with teenage
engineering that I that is true I don't
have that I don't understand like they
just they're like fans of them they'll
just buy stuff just because they yeah
I'm not going to do that worked on the
design but like I kid you not it has a
giant touchcreen covering half of the
front of the unit and you can't interact
with it you have to use the wheel this
just looks so cool sure but so what I'm
never going to buy it yeah Not only
would I never use it but I would have no
like I can't I literally even if I was
in this interest industry I don't think
I would buy this yeah but it's a it's a
it's like an instrument how else will
you dial the telephone awesome it looks
so cool
they make some neat instruments but I'll
never buy it anyways um so yeah I think
I think the design looks cool and stuff
and I I don't hate the idea of making
dedicated devices for things that you
would normally use your phone for yeah
because I don't hate the idea of getting
off your phone more you should watch the
video anyway cuz it's going to be really
funny I probably will thanks for tuning
in we'll see you again next week same
bad time same bad Channel
bye all right
[Music]
leg um